ANNUAL REPORT 2024
ANNUAL REPORT 2024 

Delivering 
Growth 
32 Local Markets 
Organization 
34 International presence 
36 Digital capabilities 
37 Sustainable finance 
Company 
Performance 
2 
A letter from Chair and 
CEO Brian Moynihan 
11 A letter from Lead 
Independent Director 
12 Board of Directors and 
Executive Management 
Team 
Supporting Local 
Communities 
38 Aiding communities 
impacted by crisis 
40 Student Leaders and 
Neighborhood Builders 
41 Workforce development 
Human Capital 
Management 
Update 
Additional Company 
Information 
54 Financial Highlights 
55 Accolades 
56 Stakeholder Capitalism 
Metrics 
67 2024 Financial Review 
Serving 
Our Clients 
14 Our eight lines of 
business 
16 Retail Banking 
18 Preferred Banking 
20 Merrill 
22 Private Bank 
24 Business Banking 
26 Global Commercial 
Banking 
28 Global Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
30 Global Markets 
Table of Contents 
38 
42 
54 
02 
14 
32 
annual report 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 1 

 
To our shareholders, 
Within the pages of this year’s Annual Report, you’ll find detail of 
how Bank of America has continued to deliver for our clients, our 
teammates, our communities, and for you, our shareholders. 
Thanks to the work of our 213,000 teammates around the world 
driving Responsible Growth, 2024 was another good year for 
your company. We continued to make investments that will help 
position Bank of America for success in 2025 and for long-term 
growth for years to come. 
Delivering consistent, long-term results 
for shareholders 
For the full year, we earned $27.1 billion in net income, or $3.21 
per diluted share, as our diversified business model continued to 
deliver earnings across a variety of uncertainties in 2024. 
We surpassed more than $100 billion in revenue in 2024. Our 
revenue mix was well-balanced with 55% from net interest 
income and 45% from fees. Our income mix also was well-
balanced across our four business segments: Consumer Banking, 
Global Wealth & Investment Management, Global Banking, and 
Global Markets. 
Net interest income reached a low in the second quarter before 
beginning a trend of growth in the third quarter. Increasing this 
important source of revenue was key to ending the year with 
momentum. In fact, we generated higher revenues across every 
fee category with continued organic growth across our eight lines 
of business as teammates worked companywide to grow and win 
in the market. 
By year-end, Bank of America’s share price increased 30.5% year-
over-year, outperforming the S&P 500, which rose 23.3%. 
In addition to the capital reinvested into our long-term growth, 
we returned capital to shareholders, including increasing our 
quarterly common stock dividend by 8% to $0.26 per share in 
the third quarter. 
These results—and others you’ll see throughout the report—are 
driven by our continued focus on Operational Excellence (OpEx). 
2024 BAC stock performance vs. S&P 500 
COMPANY 
PERFORMANCE 
A letter from 
Chair and CEO 
Brian Moynihan 
At Bank of America, it is every employee’s responsibility to find 
ways to simplify how we operate, apply technology to simplify 
or eliminate work, and enable us to invest in our company while 
carefully managing expenses. Over the past 10 years, we have 
implemented more than 17,000 employee-sourced ideas to help 
us do this. 
In addition to making it easier to serve our clients, these ideas 
have resulted in $6 billion in expense savings and 14.4 million 
hours of capacity saved through 2024. We operated the company 
in 2024 with a total of $66.8 billion in expense. In the past decade, 
our revenue has increased by more than 18%, and our expenses 
are more than 11% lower nominally, without adjustment for 
inflation. We have a higher-producing company with fewer people 
and lower costs. During 2024, we reduced headcount from a peak 
of 218,000 in 2023 to the 213,000 we are at today. This work is 
terrific, but is never finished. 
Bank of America—Creating opportunity for those 
we serve 
As we begin 2025, we are operating against a global backdrop 
that has its share of challenges. Armed conflicts in Europe and 
the Middle East, uncertainty and concerns about trade and tariffs, 
and election outcomes across the world promise to bring policy 
changes to the markets and economies everywhere. 
There is optimism for growth in the United States and in many 
other economies, reflecting an evolving policy and regulatory 
environment. Our U.S. business clients tell us they anticipate 
regulatory burdens to be eased. They also see unprecedented 
proposals being considered and they await greater certainty 
about the end-game. As we start to see more clarity with the 
implementation of the new policies and as legislative action 
solidifies, we would expect these concerns would ease. That being 
said, our BofA Global Research team expects growth in gross 
domestic product across the world and in the U.S. in 2025. 
Despite these uncertainties—and lingering impacts of elevated 
inflation and a corresponding elevated rate structure due to the 
global pandemic and response just a few years ago—the American 
economy has experienced a growth cycle of extended duration 
(aside from the very short recession caused by the pandemic). 
The U.S. remains the preferred economy and market in the world 
for businesses to grow and invest. Businesses based in the U.S., 
and businesses based overseas that choose to invest in the U.S., 
continue to find the capital, the innovation, the capacity, and 
talent to be successful. 
$27.1B 
net income in 2024 
$3.21 
per diluted share 
in 2024 
$100B+ 
in revenue in 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 3
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 3 
2 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Simply put, U.S. capitalism is still the engine of growth for the world. 
So, how do we think about that at Bank of America? 
Investors who have been with our company for a long time know 
that we think of our core role as creating opportunity. In fact, for 
a substantial period of time, we were positioned in our marketing 
as “The Bank of Opportunity.” We seek to create opportunity for 
all we serve: our clients, our teammates, our communities, and for 
you, our shareholders. 
Our company has deep roots in many parts of the world: We have 
been in Japan for almost 80 years, India for 60 years, Brazil for 78 
years, and London for 94 years. I was pleased to recently visit our 
team in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), where our company has 
operated for as long as the UAE has existed. 
Nowhere, though, do our roots run as deep as in the U.S. The 
way I view our company is the result of many streams coming 
together over decades of acquisitions into the strong river we are 
today. Looking at our history shows that the oldest charter our 
company held dates back to 1784 and prominent figures from 
the U.S. war for independence were signatories and clients of 
it. Tracing history, you would find our predecessor banks being 
there as the great American economy grew in many cities, such 
as Oklahoma City, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis, San Francisco, 
Memphis, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York, Buffalo, Portland 
(Maine and Oregon), Atlanta, Jacksonville, Tampa, Miami, Boston, 
Columbia (South Carolina and Washington state), Baltimore, 
Washington, D.C., and, of course, Charlotte, our headquarters city. 
These communities needed a bank to help them recognize their 
opportunity, and we were there helping the small businesses 
grow to big businesses, consumers living their financial lives, and 
successful businesses to do even more. Our predecessors would 
bring capital in good times and bad. 
After ending acquisitions pre-2009, we have also brought our 
financial centers and broad-based services de novo to many 
additional markets, including Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Columbus, 
Cincinnati, Jacksonville, Denver, Minneapolis, Birmingham, New 
Orleans, and others. These expansion efforts have been very 
successful and will continue. 
You can see more information about our market president 
organization and our dedicated teams serving clients in each of 
the above markets later in this letter and on pages 32–33. 
In times of stress, our teammates have stepped up to help in 
the communities where we operate in the U.S. and abroad. That 
includes after the 1906 earthquake and fires in San Francisco 
and during the post-World War II reconstruction and recovery in 
Japan, where we provided, at the request of the U.S., some of the 
first loans in that country after the war’s end. Just last year we 
helped communities affected by the historic storms and the floods 
that followed in the U.S. southeast and, in particular, western 
North Carolina. And right now, our team is working side-by-side 
with our clients and public officials as we support the relief 
efforts underway in California following the devastating wildfires. 
Throughout Bank of America’s history, we’ve been proud to be a 
source of strength for those who need us: For our customers and 
clients… for our teammates… for the communities in which we live 
and work… and for you, our shareholders. 
We continue to assess how to help all our stakeholders achieve 
the opportunities they choose to pursue. To do that, we need to 
make sure we know what they want. That is why we ask: What 
would you like the power to do? 
When we listen, we hear our stakeholders define their opportunity: 
Whether it’s the business entrepreneur who wants growth capital, 
and is seeking the best ideas and support to build for the future… 
The middle school student working with their parent to open a 
first savings account… 
The high-net-worth household thinking about sustaining wealth for 
the next generation while satisfying their own philanthropic goals… 
And the teammate who joined us part-time in high school as a 
teller, worked their way through college, and has built a satisfying 
career in various positions throughout our company for more 
than 50 years. 
Or a veteran who left the army on a Friday, joined us on a Monday, 
and now leads our wealth management business. 
Our company’s local leaders across the U.S. hear the answers from 
their community partners who talk about the need for affordable 
housing capital, or support for the local art museum, symphony, or 
the community college. 
And, of course, we hear the answers from you, our shareholders. 
We delivered you growth through sustainable returns and dividends. 
Just as we did following the global pandemic, and just as we did 
through the regional bank crisis in 2023. 
This is what we always have done: We help people live their hopes 
and dreams and seize the opportunities before them. 
Bank of America—A snapshot 
Over the past years, your company has shown we can succeed in 
various environments. And our focus on Responsible Growth has 
helped make Bank of America what it is today. 
So, what do you own when you are a shareholder in our company? 
• You own a leading consumer bank in the U.S., servicing 
69 million consumer and small business clients, with its 
highest satisfaction scores and lowest customer attrition ever, 
and superior digital capabilities. In 2024, it made $10.8 billion. 
• You own one of the best wealth management businesses in 
the world, with strong balance in fees, loans, deposits, and trust 
assets—$4.3 trillion in all. In 2024, it made $4.3 billion. 
• You own a top global banking business with commercial 
banking, treasury and payments services, and investment 
banking. In 2024, it earned $8.1 billion. 
• You own a top Global Markets business, supplying intellectual 
capital, real capital, liquidity and support across financial markets 
globally through a team of employees in 30 countries. It made 
$5.6 billion in 2024. 
• All of our businesses are top tier and growing organically. 
The size and scale are immense, but we do it one customer, one 
client, one transaction, one meeting, one community at a time. 
And, we do it in every market we serve. 
All of this work requires the leadership of a dedicated Board of 
Directors and innovative Management Team. I want to thank all 
of them for their efforts to help ensure Bank of America is both 
strong today and into the future. More information about these 
leaders is available on pages 12 and 13, along with perspective 
from our Lead Independent Director Lionel Nowell on page 11. 
I also want to thank my teammates around the world for the 
great work they do every day. They are the face of our company, 
helping serve the incredibly broad array of people, businesses and 
institutions that do business with us. 
Throughout Bank of America’s 
history, we’ve been proud to be a 
source of strength for those 
who need us. 
4 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
4 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 5 

Delivering for our clients 
At Bank of America, our purpose is to help make financial lives 
better. We do this by providing a wide range of services, based 
on each client’s unique goals. We have business systems and 
capabilities that allow us to gain the previously mentioned 
successes in unique ways. 
One way we are unique is through our local market presidents 
and Local Markets Organization, composed of leaders in states 
and cities across the U.S. Our local leadership teams are at the 
center of everything we do for our clients. They are the face of our 
company in their communities, and we have continued to invest in 
their ability to grow market share so that they can help seamlessly 
deliver all of our capabilities and services to each of our clients. 
We have nearly 100 market presidents in the U.S., and about 30 
leaders who perform similar coordinating functions as country and 
regional executives in countries around the world. 
Another unique Bank of America strength is our leading digital 
capabilities. Our clients continue to benefit from the investments 
we make here, which help them achieve their goals with added 
convenience. We invested nearly $4 billion in 2024 alone for new 
initiatives to continue to enhance our capabilities, as part of our 
broader $12 billion technology budget. 
We continued to see strong digital enrollment and engagement in 
2024. Digital sales represented 55% of total Consumer sales, and 
we set a record with Zelle® as users sent and received 1.6 billion 
transactions worth $470 billion. Last year, Zelle users sent 2.5 
times more transactions than checks written. In total, our digital 
logins were more than 14 billion in 2024. 
For our Global Banking clients, we also saw a digital record with 
$1 trillion in payment approvals through the CashPro® App in 
2024. Plus, we celebrated the one-year anniversary of introducing 
Erica®, our virtual financial assistant, into CashPro® Chat, which is 
helping resolve more than 40% of clients’ inquiries. 
Thanks to all of this work and more, we saw strong acquisition 
of new client relationships and deepening with existing clients in 
every business. This is the acid test of a services company. We are 
growing with existing customers, and they are telling their friends 
to do business with us. 
For our consumer clients, we added about 1.1 million net 
new checking accounts, extending our unbroken record to 24 
consecutive quarters of growth. In addition, consumer investment 
balances in Merrill Edge grew to a record $518 billion, which is up 
22% year-over-year. We also reached 15 consecutive quarters of 
small business loan growth and we remain the nation’s No. 1 small 
business lender. 
Across our wealth management businesses, Merrill and The Private 
Bank, we added about 24,000 net new relationships in 2024, and 
more and more clients are opening banking accounts and using us 
for their banking needs. We opened approximately 115,000 new 
bank accounts, and more than 60% of our wealth management 
clients also have a banking relationship with us. This year, we 
ended the fourth quarter with $4.3 trillion in client balances, a 
12% annual increase, and our assets-under-management balances 
were $1.9 trillion, up 16% compared to the year before. 
Global Banking also delivered for our clients, retaining the No. 3 
investment banking fee ranking in 2024 and growing market 
share. Total investment banking fees, excluding self-led, 
increased 31% year-over-year to $6.2 billion. Additionally, 
ending deposits across the business grew 10% year-over-year 
to a record $578 billion. 
Global Markets achieved strong profitability and returns in 2024, 
positively reflecting the investments we continue to make in that 
business. The team has now delivered 11 quarters of year-over-
year sales and trading revenue growth, including record sales 
and trading revenue for the fourth quarter and the full year. Our 
International Markets’ revenue had quarterly and full-year record 
performance, and the team’s 17 consecutive quarters of average 
loan balance growth continued, reaching $152 billion in the 
fourth quarter. 
We ended 2024 with a strong, diversified deposit franchise that 
features long-tenured relationships with engaged clients. We 
also saw high-quality loan growth, which continued to improve 
throughout the year. 
All of this helped drive record customer satisfaction scores. At 
the end of 2024, our customer satisfaction stood at 81.1% as we 
matched record highs during the year. 
Looking ahead, we are poised to drive even more client growth 
in 2025, thanks to the investments and progress we have made 
in 2024. 
For example, we launched Bank of America Advantage SafeBalance 
Banking® for Family Banking in late September. This is a new 
product that helps parents and guardians teach their children how 
to manage money through hands-on experience using a debit card 
and Online and Mobile Banking. Family Banking provides a banking 
experience that kids can grow up with—while parents stay in 
control with flexible features and safeguards. Our nationwide 
rollout was completed in early December, and we opened nearly 
13,000 accounts by the end of 2024. 
We also saw growth with our Employee Banking & Investing 
offering, which provides a suite of benefits and solutions to help 
our corporate and commercial clients support their employees’ 
financial lives, including financial education, Preferred Rewards 
benefits as well as comprehensive banking, borrowing and 
investing solutions. In 2024, we added 180 companies and their 
1.3 million eligible employees to the program, bringing the total 
number of participating companies in the program to 628 with 
5.3 million eligible employees. 
Bank of America Workplace Benefits encompasses 401(k), Equity 
and Health Benefit plans for companies of all sizes, client service 
and management, plan participant experience, retirement 
research and insights and distribution for institutional clients’ 
most valuable asset: their employees. Workplace Benefits ended 
2024 with a record $540.2 billion in client balances, exceeding 
the previous record of $498.8 billion, and $9.3 billion in net new 
money, which topped the prior record of $7.7 billion. Workplace 
Benefits also broke records across other performance dimensions 
in 2024, including funded sales. 
As mentioned earlier, Consumer Investments reached a new 
milestone, topping $500 billion in client assets at year-end 2024. 
Launched as Merrill Edge in 2010, the business was designed to 
provide Preferred Banking clients with dedicated tools, resources 
and insights to make confident and informed investing decisions 
to help build their wealth. Since then, Consumer Investments has 
grown more than eightfold—helping to solidify our competitive 
advantage and enable us to fully meet the banking, lending and 
investing needs of all 69 million of our consumer and small 
business clients. Together with Merrill and The Private Bank, we’re 
using the power of Bank of America to help clients build wealth 
and manage their entire financial lives. 
We also know that while many of our clients appreciate our high-
tech solutions, there are times when the high-touch experience 
of visiting one of our offices meets their needs better. That’s why 
we’ve continued to invest in our financial centers, which play a 
critical role in serving our clients’ needs and deepening relationships 
in new and existing markets. We have invested about $5 billion in 
financial centers and ATMs since 2016, and we plan to open more 
than 200 financial centers by the end of 2027. 
In 2024, we also continued the strategic expansion of our 
international capabilities, which represent a significant growth 
opportunity for our company. By making targeted investments in 
select countries, we can offer additional support to our current 
clients as they grow to serve their own increasingly global customer 
bases, and add new clients best placed to benefit from the 
enhanced services we provide. Our international business delivered 
record revenues of $13.4 billion in 2024, close to 40% of all Global 
Corporate & Investment Banking and Global Markets revenues. 
14B+ 
digital client logins 
in 2024 
24 
consecutive quarters 
of checking account growth, 
including 1.1M net new checking 
accounts in 2024 
$4.3T 
in wealth management client 
balances at year-end 2024—up 12% 
from 2023 
Record 
$540.2B 
in Workplace Benefits client 
balances at year-end 2024 
Record 
$13.4B 
in revenue delivered from our 
international business in 2024 
Record 
$578B 
in Global Banking deposits 
at year-end 2024—up 10% 
from 2023 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 7
6 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 7 
6 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

 
And we are excited by the opportunity to provide new benefits to 
clients through our partnerships with the most iconic brands and 
events in sports, including our expanded relationship with Augusta 
National Golf Club as we became a Champion Partner of the 
Masters Tournament. 
Another way we benefit clients is by providing them with 
world-class market research and insights. Our Global Research 
team identifies developing trends and their implications to help 
our clients navigate today’s market challenges. The team is 
consistently ranked among the best in the world for the work 
they do to add client value. Additionally, our Bank of America 
Institute analyzes our company’s proprietary data to develop a 
deep understanding in near-real-time of consumer behavior and 
the economy. Our published findings are followed by government 
and corporate leaders, small business owners and investors. Our 
regular series of CIO Insights provides a wide variety of regular 
updates on economic trends and the impact that national and 
world events can have on them. 
We also believe that employee-owners take a deeper interest in 
how they can individually drive the company’s performance. 
That’s why approximately 97% of our teammates received a 
Sharing Success compensation award in 2024, most in the form 
of Bank of America common stock that vests over four years. 
Nearly $5.8 billion has been distributed through Sharing Success 
awards since the program was introduced in 2017. We have 
helped our teammates become investors in our great company. 
We want employees to have long and successful careers at 
Bank of America, so we have continued to roll out training and 
resources through The Academy, our award-winning onboarding, 
education and professional development organization. This 
companywide program is dedicated to employee growth and 
success. In 2024, more than 87,000 enrollments were completed 
through The Academy by employees supporting client needs 
across the globe. 
PHYSICAL WELLNESS 
Our support of employee physical wellness includes a wide 
variety of programs. We are proud of our longstanding 
practice of investing in industry-leading health benefits for our 
employees. During the Annual Benefits Enrollment process, 
eligible employees can enroll in or make changes to their health 
and insurance coverage. 
In addition to medical, dental and vision plans, employees can 
consider health care accounts, life and disability insurance, 
critical illness insurance, the Prepaid Legal plan, Child Care Plus®, 
the Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account and purchased 
time off. Our Global Get Active! challenge also continues to be 
a popular draw for teammates. The annual program encourages 
employees to count their steps or equivalent activity in a friendly 
competition between self-organized teams and individuals 
around the world. In all, more than 60,000 teammates enrolled, 
representing 34 countries, and together they took the equivalent 
of 17.3 billion steps. 
Many of these investments are the direct result of employee 
feedback, and we continue to seek teammate input on the 
benefits and programs they find supportive to their well-being. 
This is one of the reasons we continued to have employee 
satisfaction scores that are well above industry benchmarks. 
EMOTIONAL WELLNESS 
At Bank of America, we have long held the belief that emotional 
wellness is as important to employee performance as physical 
wellness. With that in mind, we recently launched our sabbatical 
program, which provides paid time away for eligible teammates 
who are celebrating a career milestone anniversary with the 
company. Program eligibility begins at 15 years of service. This 
paid time away can be used to volunteer, take a once in a lifetime 
trip, or simply rest and recharge. Since introducing this program 
in 2023, more than 21,000 employees have taken either a four-, 
five- or six-week paid leave, depending on their years employed 
with the company. 
In addition, we offer many other best-in-class benefits and 
programs to support the diverse needs of teammates from all 
generations and help them manage demands and challenges 
through all stages of work and personal life. Resources for parents 
and guardians include family-planning reimbursement, childcare 
reimbursement and back-up care. Resources for elder care include 
senior care management and elder care law services. 
We also provide employees with access to our internal, highly 
specialized Life Event Services (LES) team, which provides 
personalized connections to resources and benefits by tapping 
experts inside and outside the company. LES celebrated its first 
decade in 2024, and in that time the group has responded to more 
than 680,000 employee cases globally during crisis events, domestic 
violence, retirement, terminal illness and other major life moments. 
We’re proud that our efforts to create a Great Place to Work 
have resulted in external recognition from a broad variety of 
publications and advocacy organizations. These include: Forbes’ 
first-ever America’s Dream Employer list; Fortune’s 100 Best 
Companies to Work For; PEOPLE’S 2024 100 Companies that 
Care; and TIME Magazine’s 100 Most Influential Companies. 
More information can be found about how we invest in teammates 
in our Human Capital Management Update on pages 42–53. 
Delivering for our communities 
By investing in the strength of the communities in which we 
operate, we help to ensure that our business is sustainable while 
improving people’s lives today and into the future, especially in the 
moments that matter most. 
One of the most local and direct ways we do this is through our 
Neighborhood Builders® and Student Leaders® programs, which 
both celebrated their 20th anniversary in 2024. 
Since its launch, our Bank of America Neighborhood Builders 
program has invested more than $346 million in grants to 
nearly 2,000 nonprofits. And it has helped more than 4,000 
nonprofit leaders strengthen their leadership skills by investing 
in their development. 
Our Bank of America Institute 
analyzes our company’s proprietary 
data to develop a deep understanding 
in near-real-time of consumer 
behavior and the economy. 
Delivering for our teammates 
For teammates, Responsible Growth means being a Great Place 
to Work by investing in their financial, physical and emotional 
wellness. This holistic approach helps make Bank of America 
a company where employees can thrive and build a long-term 
career. We continued to invest in each of these areas in 2024, 
and plan to continue to do so in the years ahead. 
FINANCIAL WELLNESS 
A key example of these investments was our decision to again 
increase our U.S. minimum hourly wage to $24 in 2024, on our 
stated path to $25 per hour by 2025. With this increase, all 
full-time U.S. employees now make a minimum annualized salary 
of nearly $50,000. This move builds on our history of being a 
national leader in establishing a minimum rate of pay for U.S. 
hourly employees. 
In 2025, we also announced a new partnership with U.S. Soccer, 
which includes the Men’s, Women’s, Youth and Extended National 
Teams, and youth organizations across the U.S. Together with 
becoming the Official Bank of the Fédération Internationale de 
Football Association’s (FIFA) first-ever Club World Cup 2025™ and 
World Cup 2026™, we have a leading position across the full suite 
of global football. These new partnerships will help us deliver value 
to our clients, grow our business and make an economic impact 
in the communities we serve through the power of sport, globally 
and locally. 
$346M+ 
in grants to nearly 2K nonprofits 
through our Neighborhood Builders 
program since 2004 
Increase to 
$24 
U.S. minimum hourly wage 
for full-time employees in 2024 
87K+ 
enrollments in The Academy 
programs in 2024 
8 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
8 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 9 

A letter from Lead 
Independent Director 
Lionel Nowell 
Brian Moynihan 
March 1, 2025 
In that same time, the Bank of America Student Leaders program 
has demonstrated our commitment to youth employment and 
greater economic mobility. Our company has placed almost 5,000 
students across nearly 100 communities into paid internships 
at more than 700 local nonprofits—representing a $46 million 
investment in preparing a pipeline of community-minded young 
students to be successful in the workforce. 
Our commitment to provide important support across all 
communities includes our work in low- and moderate-income 
(LMI) areas. Our goal is to help clients and individuals from these 
neighborhoods build and grow their wealth while they also gain the 
knowledge needed to improve their financial health. This effort spans 
the company and includes our Pathways program to hire employees 
from LMI communities, as well as partnerships with nonprofits such 
as Operation HOPE and Navicore Solutions and our online Better 
Money Habits® platform that offers free, easy-to-understand 
financial education tools and resources in English and Spanish. 
Our relationships with some of the world’s most well-known 
sporting events also serve as a catalyst to drive community 
investment. The 128th running of the Boston Marathon® in April 
2024 was our first as the event’s presenting partner. Through 
the partnership, we connected with athletes and millions of 
sports fans to promote wellness, raise meaningful funds for 
local, national and global nonprofit organizations and bring local 
economic benefits. The 128th Boston Marathon presented by 
Bank of America generated more than $509 million in total 
economic impact for the city and state. Together with the 46th 
Bank of America Chicago Marathon, the two races drew about 
82,000 participants and raised $108 million in philanthropic 
impact and investments. 
As I noted earlier, Bank of America is also there for our 
communities in times of crisis. This included our response to 
the devastation caused by Hurricane Helene last September and 
Hurricane Milton in October, as both caused a wide range of 
impacts, such as devastating flooding and high winds in areas 
across the southeast U.S. Bank of America worked to support 
clients, teammates and communities in preparation for, during, 
and in response to the storms. As a company, we made an 
early commitment of $1 million to support those impacted by 
Hurricane Helene and $2 million for Hurricane Milton relief. We 
also worked as needed with local officials in the most impacted 
areas of western North Carolina, upstate South Carolina, and parts 
of Georgia and Florida to distribute and deliver critical food and 
water immediately after the storms, as well as provided access 
to mobile ATMs and mobile financial centers. This same spirit of 
commitment continued into 2025 as we have worked with local 
teammates and partners to address the devastating impact of 
wildfires in the Greater Los Angeles area. 
Our teammates actively invest their own time and resources in 
communities, as well. In 2024, employees directed more than 
$69 million in combined individual giving and the bank’s matching 
gifts, volunteer grants and other employee-directed giving 
programs, impacting more than 48,000 nonprofits around the world. 
We also set a new record for volunteerism in our communities, with 
more than 2.5 million volunteer hours recorded last year. 
We also invest in opportunities to help improve lives and 
contribute to a more sustainable future. The private sector is 
playing an important role. We work with the public sector and 
philanthropic and other nonprofit organizations through programs 
such as the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI), which I am proud 
to continue to chair. The SMI was launched in 2020 by His Majesty 
King Charles III and in the last five years has built a coordinated, 
CEO-led global effort consisting of hundreds of companies, 
enabling the private sector to help find practical solutions to a 
clean energy, nature positive future. 
Over the past 19 years, our clients have also benefited from the 
leadership and advice provided by the members of our National 
Community Advisory Council. This group of external advisors, 
analysts, and consumer advocates meets several times during 
the year to provide the company with their unique external 
perspectives on the products and services we offer. 
Continuing to drive Responsible Growth 
Since the deep recession and financial crisis of 2007–2009, we 
have seen transformation and resilience in the banking industry. 
Our country’s financial system remains the strongest, most well-
capitalized in the world. 
At Bank of America, we have driven strong results through our 
focus on Responsible Growth. Our work for clients, teammates, and 
communities is something you, our shareholders, can be proud of. 
We are client-focused in all we do to help deliver sustainable, 
organic growth and manage risk well. We have fully embraced a 
digital banking transformation, and we believe our investments 
have positioned us as an industry leader. 
At the same time, we have continued to become more effective 
and efficient in how we operate through our ongoing focus on 
OpEx, and we have achieved new highs in customer satisfaction. 
We think it’s a nice start… and there’s much more to come. 
On behalf of my teammates, the Management Team and our Board 
of Directors, thank you for your investment in Bank of America. 
Since joining Bank of America’s Board of Directors in 2012, 
I’ve seen the company evolve into a consistent generator of 
growth and earnings for you, our shareholders. More recently, 
during my four years as Lead Independent Director, your 
company has demonstrated its ability to deliver in many 
different environments. That was once again the case in 2024. 
Bank of America’s ability to continuously deliver solid results 
reflects the collective focus of the Board and Management Team 
to simplify the company and take a long-term view. In this way 
shareholders can look to us as a source of strength and stability 
—and so, too, can our clients, employees, and communities. 
Our path to a more sure and steady operation began with 
our Chair and CEO Brian Moynihan, who has capably led 
our company now for the past 15 years. Under Brian’s 
leadership, we have delivered Responsible Growth across 
Bank of America’s eight lines of business since introducing 
its four core tenets more than a decade ago. 
The success of our focus on Responsible Growth is apparent 
throughout the company. This includes our balance sheet, which 
has benefited from steady growth, resilience across operating 
environments, satisfied employees, stronger communities, and 
shareholders who have seen their investment deliver returns 
over time, regardless of headwinds and change. 
Our clients and shareholders saw the benefits of Responsible 
Growth yet again in 2024. Simply put: Responsible Growth 
works. As a board responsible for providing ongoing, 
comprehensive oversight of the company’s operations, 
we will continue to maintain our focus going forward. 
This year’s Annual Report and the 2025 Proxy Statement are 
full of examples that support this commitment. I hope you 
enjoy reading and learning more about your company. 
Thank you for investing in Bank of America. We are honored 
by the opportunity you have given us to deliver for you, our 
clients, employees and communities, both now and in the 
years to come. 
Sincerely, 
Lionel L. Nowell III 
March 1, 2025 
Record 
2.5M+ 
volunteer hours recorded 
by employees in 2024 
$108M 
in philanthropic impact from 
Bank of America Chicago and 
Boston Marathons in 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 11
10 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 11 
10 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

board of directors and executive management team 
Board of Directors 
Our Board of Directors sets the tone at the top by overseeing 
our corporate strategy. In addition, the heads of our eight 
lines of business, and key leadership for International and 
our enterprise control functions, make up our Executive 
Management Team. 
Executive Management Team 
Eric A. Schimpf 
President, Co-Head 
Merrill Wealth Management 
Kathleen A. Knox 
President, The 
Private Bank 
Bernard A. Mensah 
President, International; CEO, Merrill 
Lynch International 
Lindsay Hans 
President, Co-Head 
Merrill Wealth Management 
Alastair M. Borthwick 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
Raul A. Anaya 
President, Co-Head 
Business Banking 
D. Steve Boland 
Chief Administrative 
Officer 
Lauren A. Mogensen 
Global General 
Counsel 
Sheri B. Bronstein 
Chief People 
Officer 
Geoffrey S. Greener 
Chief Risk 
Officer 
Matthew M. Koder 
President, Global Corporate 
& Investment Banking 
James P. DeMare 
President, Global 
Markets 
Dean C. Athanasia 
President, Regional 
Banking 
Holly O’Neill 
President, Retail 
Banking 
Bruce R. Thompson 
Vice Chair, Head of 
Enterprise Credit 
Wendy H. Stewart 
President, Global 
Commercial Banking 
Aron D. Levine 
President, Preferred 
Banking 
Thong M. Nguyen 
Vice Chair, Head of Global Strategy & 
Enterprise Platforms 
Tom M. Scrivener 
Chief Operations 
Executive 
Brian T. Moynihan 
Chair of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
Aditya Bhasin 
Chief Technology and 
Information Officer 
Paul M. Donofrio 
Vice Chair 
Len Botkin 
Chief Audit 
Executive 
Sharon L. Miller 
President, Co-Head 
Business Banking 
Lionel L. Nowell III 
Lead Independent 
Director 
José (Joe) E. Almeida 
Clayton S. Rose 
Linda P. Hudson 
Brian T. Moynihan 
Chair of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
Sharon L. Allen 
Denise L. Ramos 
Thomas D. Woods 
Arnold W. Donald 
Michael D. White 
Pierre J.P. de Weck 
Monica C. Lozano 
Maria N. Martinez 
Maria T. Zuber 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 13
13
12
12 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

SERVING 
OUR 
CLIENTS 
Going to market 
through our eight 
lines of business 
By delivering across our 
lines of business, we 
provide a unique advantage 
to each client: the powerful 
expertise of one team, 
working together to deliver 
on our purpose to help 
make financial lives better 
through our focus on 
Responsible Growth. 
CONSUMER BANKING 
RETAIL BANKING 
Serves mass market consumers with a full range of 
financial products and services through award-winning 
digital banking capabilities, backed by the expertise of 
our team. 
PREFERRED BANKING 
Provides personalized solutions, valuable rewards, and 
advice and guidance for clients with more complex 
banking, borrowing and investing needs through a 
nationwide financial center network and award-winning 
digital capabilities. 
GLOBAL WEALTH & INVESTMENT 
MANAGEMENT 
MERRILL 
Serves high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth individuals, 
businesses, institutions and organizations. Anchored in 
financial planning, our personal advisor relationships allow 
us to help individual investors and their families plan for 
and achieve their unique financial goals by investing and 
providing access to banking and lending services. 
PRIVATE BANK 
Serves ultra-high-net-worth clients with investable assets 
of more than $3 million. Client teams deliver customized 
wealth management solutions through specialized 
expertise in wealth strategy, trust and estate 
planning, investment management, banking, 
specialty lending and philanthropy. 
GLOBAL BANKING 
BUSINESS BANKING 
Serves approximately 3.4 million businesses with annual 
revenues up to $50 million, delivering advisory and banking 
solutions, including credit, deposits and treasury, merchant 
services, trade and foreign exchange through local expertise 
and digital leadership. 
GLOBAL COMMERCIAL BANKING 
Serves middle-market companies with revenues of 
$50 million to $2 billion across all major industries— 
delivering the full capabilities of the company, including 
treasury, lending, leasing, advisory, debt and equity 
underwriting, and digital solutions. 
GLOBAL CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
Provides investment banking advisory, underwriting and 
distribution services to companies of all sizes around the 
world and across all major industries. It also offers financing, 
deposit and other treasury services globally to corporations 
with revenues of more than $2 billion in the U.S. and more 
than $1 billion internationally. 
GLOBAL MARKETS 
GLOBAL MARKETS 
Provides services across the world’s debt, equity, commodity 
and foreign exchange markets. This includes liquidity, hedging 
strategies, industry-leading insights, analytics and competitive 
pricing to clients consisting of asset managers, hedge 
funds, pensions and insurance, corporates, 
governments and other 
financial institutions. 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 15 
14
14 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

 
 
In Retail Banking, we deliver products, services and education to 
support the financial health of our mass market clients, including 
individuals new to banking and from low- and moderate-income 
(LMI) communities. 
Driving Responsible Growth through our simple-to-
use products and solutions 
Our Retail Banking team supports the financial health of 68.7 million 
consumer clients. Two-thirds of Bank of America consumer clients 
begin their banking experience as a Retail Banking client. Our goal is 
to deepen our relationships through a unique experience that 
supports their financial health. These efforts can include advancing 
our clients to Preferred Banking to address their more complex 
needs. In 2024, we added 5.8 million new consumer clients, while 
maintaining record-high levels of client retention. 
We also continue to evolve our solutions to meet our clients’ 
needs. In 2024, we launched Bank of America Advantage 
SafeBalance Banking® for Family Banking, a new product that 
helps parents and guardians teach their children how to manage 
money through hands-on experience using a debit card and Online 
and Mobile Banking. Our products also include: 
• Bank of America Advantage SafeBalance® Banking, 
an account that helps prevent overdraft fees 
Helping families grow their wealth through 
affordable homeownership 
We’re making affordable homeownership a reality, continuing 
our multiyear $15 billion Bank of America Community 
Homeownership Commitment®, which includes a low down 
payment mortgage and one of the most generous grant programs 
in the industry—with up to $17,500 in combined down payment 
and closing costs grants. Since 2019, the program has provided 
$13.3 billion in lending and nearly $530 million in closing costs 
grants, assisting more than 50,000 families. 
Making banking easy and convenient through 
digital capabilities 
We’re driving digital transformation to improve the client 
experience through enhancements to Online and Mobile Banking 
and Mobile Chat. In addition, we’re continually striving to make 
it easier and faster for our teammates to serve our clients by 
automating manual processes and enhancing our systems. 
At year-end 2024, a record 79% of consumer and small business 
households were actively using digital platforms, up from 77% in 
2023. Year-over-year, active Erica® users increased 7% and Zelle® 
transactions increased 25%. 
Protecting our clients’ information is a top priority. Our online 
Security Center was visited more than 16 million times in 2024, 
providing education to help clients avoid scams and to help keep 
their financial information more secure. 
Our digital capabilities—along with our exceptional client care 
and comprehensive slate of products and services—are one 
major reason why for decades, millions of people have trusted 
us with their financial health and wellness. 
Retail Banking 
Led by: Holly O’Neill 
• Continued growth with 3.7M new Retail 
Banking clients in 2024 
• Advanced the financial health of nearly 
950K Retail Banking clients who moved 
to Preferred Banking to support their more 
complex financial needs 
• Recognized by J.D. Power for outstanding 
client satisfaction with financial health 
support among banks and credit card 
issuers for the third year in a row (2024) 
Offering a wide range of 
products and services to 
68.7 million consumer clients. 
68.7M 
consumer clients 
served in 2024 
50K+ 
families assisted through our 
Community Homeownership 
Commitment® since 2019 
 
Empowering clients with solutions and 
resources to achieve financial wellness 
Retail Banking brings together our award-winning digital 
capabilities, backed by the expertise of our team, to 
provide a personalized experience that supports clients 
on their financial journey as they budget, spend, save and 
borrow to meet their goals. 
16M+ 
visits to our 
online Security Center 
in 2024 
• Keep the Change®, to build savings automatically when 
making debit purchases 
• Balance Assist™, a low-cost solution for clients to manage 
their short-term liquidity needs 
• Balance Connect™, for overdraft protection 
• Secured cards, available in a variety of products to best fit 
client needs, including lower interest rates and cash rewards 
Providing tools to help clients and community 
members build economic opportunity 
We provide extensive personalized support to help all clients, 
including individuals from LMI communities, build and grow 
their wealth and gain the knowledge they need to improve their 
financial health. 
Through our partnerships with nonprofits Operation HOPE and 
Navicore Solutions, we provide free financial coaching to help 
individuals build savings, improve FICO scores and decrease debt. 
Our online Better Money Habits® platform offers free tools and 
resources with hundreds of engaging videos, workshops and 
articles, accessible in English and Spanish. 
We’re deepening relationships and helping strengthen financial 
wellness by delivering personalized products and services to 
an array of clients. For example, our new Youth & Young Adult 
Resource Center helps young adults and students learn how to 
handle credit, manage a budget and build savings. 
79% 
of consumer and small 
business households digitally 
active at year-end 2024— 
a new record 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 17 
16 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | retail banking 

 
Supporting clients with a full range of 
financial solutions 
We deliver financial solutions that meet our clients’ more 
complex needs as their life priorities change — from 
customizable checking and savings account options, to 
mortgage solutions that help clients achieve homeownership, 
as well as other lending solutions for personal and small 
business needs. 
For clients looking to build wealth, we offer a variety of ways 
to help meet their longer-term goals through our platforms 
and solutions: 
• Merrill Edge® Self-Directed, an online personalized platform 
with guidance, insights and exclusive tools for those who want 
to put their own investing ideas into action. 
• Merrill Guided Investing (MGI), a goals-based advisory 
program with investment portfolios built, rebalanced and 
monitored by Merrill investment professionals. MGI with Advisor 
(MGIA) provides clients the option to work side-by-side with 
one of our more than 2,400 financial solutions advisors on 
developing a personalized investment strategy. 
With the expertise of our financial solutions advisors, combined 
with continued innovation, including introducing new strategies 
to help eligible MGI and MGIA clients more efficiently manage 
their retirement income and taxes, clients have chosen to trust 
Bank of America with more than $500 billion in total Consumer 
Investments assets at year-end 2024. 
Offering financial wellness support to clients 
and their employees 
Our Employee Banking & Investing (EBI) program offers a 
suite of workplace benefits and solutions to help our corporate 
and commercial clients meet their employees’ financial needs, 
including financial education, Preferred Rewards benefits and 
comprehensive banking, borrowing and investing solutions. During 
the last two years, EBI has nearly doubled the number of enrolled 
companies, adding 180 in 2024 for a total of 628 companies and 
5.3 million eligible employees. 
Providing a digital first plus advice client experience 
Our team provides clients and small businesses with personalized 
solutions, valuable rewards, and advice and guidance to meet their 
more complex financial needs. We help clients pursue their goals 
through our leading digital capabilities and more than 35,000 
professionals available to meet in-person at our approximately 
3,700 financial centers nationwide or by phone from our centralized 
investment contact centers. This high-tech and high-touch approach 
has led to 24 consecutive quarters of net new checking growth. 
Delivering financial solutions that meet 
our clients’ life priorities 
In Preferred Banking, we support clients with a comprehensive 
set of financial solutions to meet their banking, borrowing and 
investing needs throughout their financial lives. 
Preferred Banking 
Led by: Aron Levine 
• No. 1 in U.S. estimated consumer 
deposits2 
• Merrill Edge Self-Directed awarded No. 1 
Overall Client Experience for the seventh 
year in a row from StockBrokers.com 2024 
Annual Broker Review 
• Preferred Rewards recognized as a Best 
Loyalty Program by Newsweek (2024) 
Providing personalized 
solutions, valuable rewards, 
and advice and guidance for clients with more 
complex banking, borrowing and investing needs 
through our digital first plus advice approach. 
We plan to open more than 200 
new financial centers across more 
than 60 new and existing markets 
by year-end 2027. 
Investing in financial centers and continuing our 
decade-long geographic expansion 
With more than nine million client appointments scheduled 
annually, financial centers continue to play a critical role in serving 
our clients’ needs and deepening relationships. We continue to 
invest in and modernize our financial centers, building welcoming 
Rewarding clients for their loyalty 
A cornerstone of our strategy to build long-term relationships is to 
recognize and reward clients for deepening their relationship with 
us — inclusive of banking, lending and Merrill investing solutions. 
In its 10th year, our industry-leading loyalty program Preferred 
Rewards surpassed 11 million members,1 with a 99% retention 
rate and an average of $500 in earned rewards each year. 
1 
1 Includes clients in Consumer Banking, Small Business and Global Wealth & Investment 
Includes clients in Consumer Banking, Small Business and Global Wealth & Investment 
Management as of November 2024 
Management as of November 2024 
2 
2 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) deposit data as of June 2024
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) deposit data as of June 2024 
destinations to serve more clients and communities across new 
and existing markets to drive Responsible Growth. 
In 2024, we celebrated the 10-year milestone of serving 
clients in our Colorado financial centers, the market where our 
expansion strategy started in 2014. Since then, we’ve extended 
our local presence by opening nearly 200 financial centers 
in additional new markets in Indiana, Kentucky, Minnesota, 
Nebraska, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Utah, and plan to open more 
than 200 new locations across more than 60 new and existing 
markets by year-end 2027. In recent years, we also completed 
renovations to more than 3,000 existing locations, creating 
comfortable spaces for clients to interact with specialists, while 
making it easier to access our leading technology. 
These expansion efforts provide growth opportunities while 
enabling us to continue to add to our talented group of client 
professionals serving our clients’ financial needs. 
Nearly 200 financial centers 
opened in new markets 
since 2014 
$500B+ 
in total Consumer 
Investments client assets 
at year-end 2024 
24 
consecutive 
quarters of net new 
checking growth 
35K+ 
Preferred Banking teammates 
providing guidance to clients 
11M+ 
clients enrolled in Preferred 
Rewards1 since 2014 
628 
companies in our Employee 
Banking & Investing program 
in 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 19 
18 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | preferred banking 

 
Harnessing our industry leadership 
With a presence in all 50 states and more than $3.6 trillion in 
client balances at year-end 2024, we’re an industry leader serving 
the wealth management needs of high- and ultra-high-net-worth 
individuals, businesses, institutions and organizations. Propelled by 
the strength of these relationships, we added more than 20,600 
net new relationships and had approximately $68 billion in fee-
based assets under management (AUM) flows in 2024. 
Providing a 
comprehensive 
and personalized 
wealth management 
experience 
Merrill advisors serve the 
comprehensive wealth 
management needs of high- 
and ultra-high-net-worth 
individuals, families and 
businesses in more than 500 
offices across 100 U.S. markets. 
Merrill 
Led by: Lindsay Hans 
and Eric A. Schimpf 
• Recognized with the 2024 Money 
Management Institute/Barron’s Industry 
Award for Digital Innovation 
• Received Professional Wealth 
Management’s Wealth Tech Award 2024 
for Best Private Bank in North America 
for use of technology 
• Honored with The Digital Banker’s Digital 
CX Wealth Management Award for Best 
Wealth Manager—Digitally Empowering 
Relationship Managers (Advisors) (2024) 
• Recognized by FinTech Futures in the 
2024 Banking Tech Awards USA for Best 
Mobile Initiative for the MAX app 
Empowering high- and 
ultra-high-net-worth individuals, businesses 
and institutions to achieve their unique wealth 
management goals through financial planning. 
 
The expertise of our advisors, as 
well as the breadth and depth of our 
wealth management platform, help 
enable us to offer differentiated 
advice and investment strategies. 
Driving digital innovation 
Digital innovation supports our advisors in growing and 
cultivating lasting client relationships, while streamlining 
workflow to increase efficiency. From enhancing advisors’ 
digital footprints online and helping them communicate 
with clients and prospects through our advisor video 
platform to enabling clients to make digital appointments 
with their advisor teams, we’re connecting advisors to clients 
better than ever before. 
In 2024, we received the Money Management Institute/Barron’s 
Industry Award for Digital Innovation for “Digital Presence: A 
Robust Ecosystem for Client Acquisition” — an achievement 
that underscores our commitment to technology platform 
enhancements that help advisors better engage and serve their 
clients. Eighty-five percent of households were digitally active 
on Merrill and Bank of America platforms at year-end 2024. 
Developing our advisors 
Our advisors are core to how Merrill drives growth, and we 
prioritize recruiting and retaining advisors who have the expertise 
to help clients meet their wealth management goals. 
Our Advisor Development Program is training the next 
generation of Merrill advisors, equipping them with the skills to 
assess client needs, develop financial plans and serve as trusted 
advisors on the broad range of wealth management solutions we 
have to offer. 
We also continue to invest in advisor training, coaching and 
development at every stage of an advisor’s career. In 2024, we 
expanded our educational programs for seasoned advisors and 
enhanced our succession planning programs to help sustain 
continuity of service to clients and sustainable growth of 
advisors’ practices. 
The expertise of our advisors, as well as the breadth and depth 
of our wealth management platform, help enable us to offer 
differentiated advice and investment strategies clients are 
seeking today, and position us for robust growth in the future. 
$3.6T+ 
in client balances 
at year-end 2024 
 
1 Source: Merrill Client Satisfaction Survey, Dec. 31, 2024 
Working in partnership with ISG specialists, Merrill advisors offer 
and implement investment strategies that help meet client needs 
across five core areas — personal retirement, investment advisory, 
portfolio consulting, alternative investing and capital markets. 
Providing clients all Bank of America has to offer 
In addition to our investment platform, clients have access to 
Bank of America’s leading banking and lending products and 
services. In 2024, a record 62% of Merrill clients had a 
Bank of America banking or lending account. Banking and 
lending specialists work closely with Merrill advisors to assess 
clients’ needs and provide tailored banking and lending solutions, 
including custom lending and mortgages. In 2024, Merrill clients 
opened nearly 100,000 banking accounts. In addition, loans grew 
by $6 billion for clients. 
As a global financial leader, we also offer family office, trust, art 
and investment banking services, as well as access to the global 
markets to help our ultra-high-net-worth clients meet their 
complex financial needs. 
Merrill’s financial advisors are at the center of every client 
relationship, helping clients manage and grow their wealth. 
Leveraging market and investment insights from the Chief 
Investment Office and BofA Global Research, we advise clients 
on investment strategies that can help meet their financial goals. 
In 2024, a record 95% of clients were satisfied with their Merrill 
financial advisors.1 
Leveraging an extended team of investment experts 
Our Investment Solutions Group (ISG) helps advisors deliver a 
comprehensive investment platform, working closely with many 
of the industry’s leading asset managers to provide high-quality 
investment strategies and investment product offerings to clients. 
85% 
of households digitally 
active on Merrill and 
Bank of America platforms 
at year-end 2024 
$6B 
loan growth 
in 2024 
Nearly 
100K 
banking accounts opened 
by Merrill clients in 2024 
Approximately 
$68B 
in fee-based AUM flows in 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 21 
20 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | merrill 

 
Meeting the comprehensive needs of clients 
We deliver customized solutions to help clients grow, preserve and 
share their wealth — now, and for future generations. We tailor 
solutions to meet each client’s unique financial needs based on a 
deep understanding of their goals, values and passions. Our client 
teams develop comprehensive plans that address every dimension 
of a client’s wealth by drawing on the global resources of 
Bank of America and our leading capabilities in wealth strategy, 
trust and estate planning, investment management, banking, 
specialty lending and philanthropy. 
Delivering Responsible Growth through collaboration 
In 2024, we continued to grow by adding approximately 3,200 
net new client relationships and expanding existing client 
relationships, ending the year with client balances of $674 billion 
and revenue of $3.9 billion. 
Providing a customized wealth management 
experience to ultra-high-net-worth individuals, 
families and institutions 
The Private Bank provides wealth management solutions to 
ultra-high-net-worth individuals, families and institutional clients 
of Bank of America. We serve clients through more than 100 
offices in 42 U.S. markets and an award-winning digital platform, 
backed by the full breadth of Bank of America’s capabilities. 
Private Bank 
Led by: Katy Knox 
• Named Best Private Bank in the U.S. and 
North America by Global Finance, Family 
Wealth Report and Global Private Banker 
(2024) 
• Named Best Private Bank in North 
America for Family Offices, Philanthropy 
Services and Next Generation by 
Professional Wealth Management (2024) 
• Named Best for Philanthropic Advisory 
and Best for Next Gen in the U.S. and 
North America by Euromoney (2024) 
Supporting clients as 
the largest provider of 
managed personal trust assets in the U.S.1 and 
a leader in philanthropic services, art services, 
banking and lending. 
$3.9B 
in revenue 
at year-end 2024 
$674B 
in client balances 
at year-end 2024 
100+ 
offices in 42 
U.S. markets 
We’re engaging the next generation 
of clients through financial education 
and advice tailored to their interests 
in wealth planning, investments, the 
arts and other collectibles. 
1 1 Based on Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) Call Reports 
Based on Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) Call Reports 
as of September 2024
as of September 2024 
Our client-focused growth strategy, combined with ongoing 
investments in our teams and technology, continue to build a 
strong foundation for growth as we: 
• Grow deposit, loan and investment accounts by 
attracting new clients and expanding our relationships 
with existing clients—We continue to see strong 
organic growth by delivering more of our capabilities to each 
relationship and expanding how we serve the entire family. 
• Grow client teams and enhance our presence in 
strategic markets—We opened a new Private Bank market in 
Pittsburgh and expanded in regions with growing concentrations 
of wealth, such as California, Florida, Texas, the Pacific Northwest 
and the New York Tri-State area. 
• Introduce more Bank of America clients to our 
industry-leading capabilities—We once again expanded 
our partnerships across the company, driving record referrals 
between The Private Bank and other lines of business. 
• Prioritize investments in technology to improve the 
client experience—In 2024, 92% of core client relationships 
actively used our Online or Mobile Banking tools, reflecting the 
appeal of our high-tech and high-touch model. 
Approximately 
3.2K 
net new client relationships 
added in 2024 
Positioning for the future 
Changes in the ultra-high-net-worth market are driving new 
growth opportunities in wealth management and banking. 
Over the coming decades, wealthy individuals and families are 
expected to transfer significant assets to their children and 
grandchildren. We consider the next generation as individual 
clients, not just an extension of their families. Our goal is 
to help them achieve their own success as we build lasting 
relationships by engaging them through financial education and 
advice tailored to their interests in wealth planning, investments, 
the arts and other collectibles. We’re also focused on building 
client teams who can meet clients’ needs across generations and 
connect with them digitally. 
In addition, as women live longer and increasingly become 
financial decision-makers, they are expected to manage a 
majority of U.S. household financial assets. The Private Bank 
is addressing this opportunity by deepening relationships with 
women clients and prospects through our wealth structuring 
and philanthropic expertise. 
Demonstrating our expertise in philanthropy 
We work closely with nonprofits, endowments and foundations 
across the country, offering them investment management 
services, expertise and guidance on industry-wide best practices. 
Our team has decades of experience working with these clients, 
allowing us to share our extensive knowledge in areas such as 
board governance, strategic planning and fundraising support to 
help advance their mission. In providing this expertise, we often 
partner with the Local Markets Organization, Business Banking, 
Global Commercial Banking and Global Corporate & Investment 
Banking to deliver this impact. 
Investing in our teammates 
We strive to be a Great Place to Work and deliver on this 
commitment by investing in our teammates through award-
winning career development programs. Strengthening client teams 
is critical to support our future growth, which drives our focus on 
developing and promoting top talent internally. In 2024, we had 
more than 1,400 teammates progress through one of our career 
advancement, in-role or early-career development programs. 
1.4K+ 
teammates progressed through 
one of our career advancement, 
in-role or early-career development 
programs in 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 23 
22 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | private bank 

 
• No. 1 small business lender, according to 
the FDIC3 
• Recognized as the Best Bank in the U.S. 
for Small and Midsize Enterprises by 
Global Finance magazine (2024) 
• Named North America’s Best Bank for 
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises by 
Euromoney for nine consecutive years (2024) 
Business Banking delivers a seamless client experience that 
meets the needs of businesses as they grow and adapt to the 
ever-changing market conditions. In coordination with lines of 
business across the company, our team provides access to capital, 
innovative digital tools and banking solutions to manage day-to­
day operations and plan for the future. In addition, we partner 
with Merrill and The Private Bank to provide personal wealth 
management as well as workplace benefit programs and everyday 
banking for our clients’ employees. 
Driving Responsible Growth through each stage of 
the business owner journey 
Bank of America serves approximately one in three U.S. small 
business owners, including more than 20,000 mid-sized 
businesses, nationwide. We ended the year with $197 billion in 
Serving business clients with advice and 
solutions that make running a growing 
business easier 
Business Banking serves approximately 3.4 million businesses 
from start-up to $50 million in revenue across more than 
200 communities in the U.S. 
Business Banking 
Led by: Raul Anaya and 
Sharon Miller 
Serving U.S.-based 
business clients with revenues up to $50 million 
through locally based client teams and partners. 
 
Evolving how we help clients access capital, 
innovation and insights 
Our offerings continue to resonate with business clients 
because of our expertise and full range of solutions. We 
consistently rank as the No. 1 small business lender 
according to the FDIC, marking 14 consecutive quarters as 
top lender.3 The team achieved repeat recognition in 2024 as 
the “Best Bank in the U.S. for Small and Midsize Enterprises” by 
Global Finance magazine and as “North America’s Best Bank for 
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises” by Euromoney for the ninth 
consecutive year. 
average deposits, $38 billion in average loan balances and $8 billion 
in revenue.1 In 2024, we achieved a record 88.2% client 
satisfaction score for Small Business clients and the adoption of 
our digital capabilities continued to grow, with 86% of clients 
digitally active at year-end 2024.2 
In 2024, we expanded our Preferred Rewards for Business 
program to include mid-sized business owners, providing more 
clients with exclusive rewards and benefits. Our digital banking 
platforms, CashPro® and Business Advantage 360, marked new 
ways for clients to manage their businesses with self-service 
tools that monitor their payments, working capital, treasury, trade, 
merchant and credit operations. In addition, our Small Business 
Administration and Practice Solutions teams now support 
both small and mid-sized business clients, providing them with 
additional commercial funding options. 
In partnership with Bank of America Institute, our annual surveys 
of business owners provide insights that help our clients and 
stakeholders understand the perspectives, aspirations and outlook 
of business owners across the U.S. Our August 2024 report 
highlighted that nearly four out of five (78%) small and mid-sized 
business owners anticipate revenue growth in the next 12 months. 
The reports are publicly available on the new Center for Business 
Empowerment, which launched in May. The site provides thought-
leadership articles, tools and resources to aspiring and existing 
business owners. 
Growing market share through partnership 
and integration 
In 2024, we combined our existing Business Banking and Small 
Business, Specialty Banking & Lending teams to better serve new 
and established businesses with financial guidance and banking 
solutions to help them grow. Client teams are aligned with local 
market teams and partners across the company to make the 
financial needs of clients easier to achieve. Our united team is 
innovating how we deepen existing relationships and win new 
ones to grow market share. 
 
$8B 
in revenue in 20241 
86% 
of clients digitally active 
at year-end 20242 
1 Figures represent financial results of Small Business and Business Banking, which will 
appear separately under Consumer Banking and Global Banking, respectively. Small Business 
includes businesses with revenues up to $5 million. 
2 Percentage of clients across Global Banking, including Commercial, Corporate and Business 
Banking (CashPro® and BA360 platforms), as of November 2024. Relationship clients 
defined as clients meeting revenue threshold for Global Commercial Banking and Business 
Banking, and all clients in Global Corporate & Investment Banking. 
3 Consecutive quarters through 3Q24. Totals excluded Paycheck Protection Program loans. 
14 
consecutive quarters as 
the top small business lender 
according to the FDIC3 
$197B 
in average deposit balances in 20241 
$38B 
in average loan balances in 20241 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 25 
24
24 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | business banking 

 
• Almost one-third of U.S. Fortune 
1,000 companies are GCB clients at 
year-end 2024 
• Named North America’s Best Bank for 
Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises 
by Euromoney in 2024 for the ninth 
consecutive year 
• Named World’s Best Cash 
Management Provider for Middle-
Market Corporates in Euromoney’s 2024 
Cash Management Survey 
Delivering global solutions locally 
GCB has a widespread presence across the U.S. and worldwide, as 
clients tell us they value having bankers in their local communities 
who understand their company and can harness Bank of America’s 
full suite of products and services. 
Our teams engage partners across our company to offer 
integrated solutions that fit the diverse needs of our clients, 
including commercial loans, leases and real estate lending. In 
addition, we provide integrated working capital management, 
advisory, underwriting services, treasury solutions — such as 
cash management and merchant services — and other financial 
life benefits. 
Clients increased their capital markets activity in 2024, continuing 
to engage both our industry and regional investment banking 
teams. We ranked No. 1 with our GCB clients for investment 
banking fees, increasing 48% compared to the prior year. 
Our deep industry-specific expertise is delivered by dedicated 
banking teams spanning more than 10 industries, including 
healthcare, technology, nonprofits, higher education, professional 
Offering innovative financial solutions to help 
clients grow and prosper 
Global Commercial Banking (GCB) provides integrated financial 
solutions to middle-market clients with revenues of $50 million 
to $2 billion through banking teams located in more than 
115 U.S. and Canadian cities and over 15 additional countries. 
Global Commercial 
Banking 
Led by: Wendy Stewart 
Serving one in five U.S. 
middle-market clients with revenues between 
$50 million and $2 billion through banking 
teams in more than 115 U.S. and Canadian 
markets and over 15 additional countries. 
We serve clients in 
115+ U.S. and Canadian cities 
and 15+ additional countries 
Helping clients navigate a changing environment 
In 2024, clients remained focused on growing their businesses 
and serving customers while navigating a rapidly changing 
geopolitical and macroeconomic environment. Timely advice 
continued to be important and valuable to our clients, as they 
sought to better understand and respond to economic trends and 
interest rate changes. 
GCB delivers a differentiated advisory client experience through 
our team of experienced bankers and global experts. Clients 
benefit from tailored thought-leadership, Bank of America’s 
industry-leading research and our personalized data-driven 
insights. In addition, our teams collaborate with our clients for 
a deeper understanding of their unique needs, providing them 
with bespoke advice and solutions at the right time. 
Driving innovation that matters to our clients 
We deliver innovative solutions that clients need and value, 
offering new approaches to financial solutions using simpler 
and faster digital and mobile experiences. Client digital adoption 
trends continued in 2024, with 86% of clients transacting on our 
digital platforms.1 
$1T+ 
in corporate payment 
approvals through the 
CashPro® App in 2024 
Investments in our award-winning digital platform CashPro® 
further simplify client management of treasury and credit 
operations. We introduced several key enhancements in 2024, 
including the launch of CashPro Insights, a digital tool that 
analyzes information flowing through the platform and presents 
clients with personalized insights that empower them to make 
more informed business decisions. 
For the third consecutive year, CashPro received the top 
mobile banking spot in Coalition Greenwich’s annual Digital 
Transformation Benchmarking Study, and the CashPro App 
reached more than $1 trillion for corporate payment approvals 
in 2024, an increase of more than 30% year-over-year. 
Winning with our clients 
GCB continued to deepen relationships with existing clients, as 
we aim to be their lead banking partner. In addition, we achieved 
strong growth by attracting hundreds of new clients — our 
second highest year of new client acquisition on record. 
Our 2024 performance with new and existing clients led to 
record-high client revenue, 6% deposit growth and 4% core 
middle-market loan growth. We continued to make investments 
and transform the banking experience for clients by providing 
sought-after advice, valuable solutions, exceptional service and 
seamless experiences. 
Looking ahead, we will continue to keep the client at the center 
of everything we do, delivering value as trusted advisors to help 
our clients succeed. 
sports and restaurants. In addition, our New Economy team advises 
early-stage, high-growth potential companies in the emerging 
technology, emerging healthcare and green economy sectors. 
6% 
deposit growth year-over-year 
1 Percentage of clients across Global Banking, including Commercial, Corporate and Business 
Banking (CashPro® and BA360 platforms), as of November 2024. Relationship clients 
defined as clients meeting revenue threshold for Global Commercial Banking and Business 
Banking, and all clients in Global Corporate & Investment Banking. 
Our clients benefit from tailored 
thought-leadership, Bank of America’s 
industry-leading research and our 
personalized data-driven insights. 
86% 
of clients digitally active 
at year-end 20241 
48% 
increase in investment 
banking fees year-over-year 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 27 
26 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | global commercial banking

 
Global Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Led by: Matthew Koder 
• Ranked No. 3 in global investment 
banking fees for 2024 and No. 2 globally 
for investment grade and leveraged 
finance capital raised in 2024 by Dealogic 
• Ranked No. 1 U.S. Large Corporate 
Banking Market Penetration Share 
Leader and Best Bank for Corporate 
Banking in the U.S. in 2024 by 
Coalition Greenwich 
• Named Latin America’s Best Investment 
Bank (fourth consecutive year), Latin 
America’s Best Bank for Advisory and 
Western Europe’s Best Investment Bank 
in 2024 by Euromoney 
• Relationships with 78% of the 2024 
Global Fortune 5002 
Strong investment banking results 
helped position 2024 among our 
best years for both total revenue 
and net income. 
10% 
increase in corporate 
banking average deposit 
balances year-over-year 
Focusing on client needs to deliver innovative and 
outstanding business outcomes 
Driven by continuing improvement in investment banking 
fees and despite a volatile global economy, GCIB was a key 
contributor to Bank of America’s 2024 strong results. By laying 
the foundation and investing in the business in past years, 
we have gained market share and created a client-focused, 
consistently well-performing business. 
Our corporate and investment banking clients depend on 
Bank of America to be a steadfast and trusted partner. We help 
them analyze a range of strategic decisions, advise them on 
all aspects of their capital structures, deliver innovative capital 
markets solutions, and assist in executing transactions that 
leverage our global capabilities. Our experienced team focuses 
on listening to clients and understanding their needs to offer a 
range of solutions, expertise and resources to improve decision-
making and boost outcomes. 
Providing investment 
banking advisory, underwriting and distribution 
services globally to companies of all sizes and 
across all major industries, and offering best-
in-class financing, deposit and other treasury 
services to larger corporations worldwide. 
In 2024, our focus on key business opportunities — including 
middle-market and international clients — paid significant dividends. 
We generally saw a return to more normalized pre-pandemic market 
activity levels despite geopolitical tensions, a disparate global 
interest rate environment and changes in consumer behavior. With 
one of the most active capital-raising teams across public and 
private capital markets, the knowledge and advice we delivered to 
clients helped them navigate market challenges. 
In investment banking, we maintained our strong top three 
position in investment banking fees, which increased more than 
30% year-over-year. We are well-positioned across the products, 
regions and sectors in which we operate and saw year-over-year 
increases in market share both globally and in most sectors and 
regions. Strong investment banking results helped position 2024 
among GCIB’s best years for total revenue and net income. 
In corporate banking, we saw continued broadening and 
deepening of client relationships, with average deposit balances 
up 10% year-over-year — offsetting lower spreads — and gained 
momentum in loan growth in 2024. 
Showcasing our company’s full capabilities 
A critical element of our success is our ability to offer 
integrated solutions by delivering “one firm.” We increased 
connectivity locally and strengthened partnerships across the 
company to showcase our full capabilities and deliver more for 
clients. These partnerships helped us deepen relationships and 
grow market share with U.S./Canada middle-market clients, 
up 70 basis points year-over-year. This approach also drove key 
growth initiatives in 2024, allowing us to broaden our coverage 
footprint with international clients and strategically expand our 
capabilities in the private capital space. 
Increasing efficiency and improving execution 
through digital technology 
We use technology to be more efficient, leverage analytic insights 
from available data and manage risk to improve our clients’ 
experiences and enhance our internal capabilities. 
In 2024, we enhanced our proprietary award-winning GCIB 
Launch platform. This knowledge management platform — for 
which usage increased by more than 500% to over 1.5 million 
page views in 2024 since it was first introduced two years 
ago — offers bankers a one-stop-shop for global collaboration, 
creating efficiencies and streamlining work processes to add 
value for our employees and clients. 
Through our Deal Central platform, we provide seamless execution 
of capital markets transactions while digitally connecting us to 
investors and issuers. The platform covers all major asset classes 
and processed more than 240,000 investor orders worth 
$6.6 trillion in 2024. 
In partnership with Global Payments Solutions, we also helped 
our corporate clients manage their working capital needs using 
CashPro®, the company’s award-winning digital platform. At 
year-end, 86% of our clients were digitally active,1 making this 
a key resource. Underscoring this commitment, in 2024, we 
introduced CashPro® Capital Markets Insights, providing issuer 
clients information on investment-grade secondary bond pricing 
to improve treasury decision-making. 
$6.6T 
processed in capital 
market transactions through 
our Deal Central platform 
in 2024 
Looking ahead, we will continue delivering ideas, insight and 
execution to help our clients succeed. We’re committed to relentlessly 
leveraging our resources and franchise capabilities to deliver for 
our clients as a dependable, unwavering and trusted partner. 
86% 
of clients digitally active 
at year-end 20241 
1 Percentage of clients across Global Banking, including Commercial, Corporate and Business 
Banking (CashPro® and BA360 platforms), as of November 2024. Relationship clients 
defined as clients meeting revenue threshold for Global Commercial Banking and Business 
Banking, and all clients in Global Corporate & Investment Banking. 
2 Represents total Global Banking relationships 
Helping our clients 
succeed through 
holistic, integrated 
business solutions 
Global Corporate & 
Investment Banking (GCIB) 
delivers integrated financial 
solutions, capital markets 
expertise, execution and 
strategic advice, as well as 
best-in-class liquidity, treasury 
and risk management 
solutions, to many of the 
world’s largest companies. 
30%+ 
increase in investment banking 
fees year-over-year 
500%+ 
increase in usage of our 
award-winning GCIB Launch 
platform since 2022 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 29 
28 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | global corporate & investment banking

 
• Named World’s Best Bank for Markets 
by Euromoney (2024) 
• Named Derivatives House of the Year 
by Energy Risk (2024) 
• Named Currency Derivatives House of 
the Year by Risk Awards (2024) 
• Named Securitization Bank of the Year 
by GlobalCapital (2024) 
• Named Best Research House by 
DealCatalyst (2024) 
Building on momentum to deliver a record year in 
sales and trading 
As clients sought to reposition portfolios in response to world 
events, we were by their side with advice and solutions to 
help them navigate the evolving landscape. In doing this, we 
once again achieved record sales and trading revenue in 2024, 
and improved returns on allocated capital, underscoring our 
commitment to deliver for shareholders. 
Our sales and trading revenues reached $18.8 billion, up 8% 
year-over-year, reflecting 11 consecutive quarters of year-over-
year sales and trading growth. Our focus on financial resource 
management and expense discipline resulted in a 20% 
year-over-year increase in net income to $5.6 billion, driving 
6% operating leverage and 12% return on allocated capital. 
We also continued to grow our client average loan levels, 
which increased 8% year-over-year to a record $141 billion 
Sustaining growth with clients, improving 
returns for shareholders 
Global Markets is a diversified business that provides a wide 
range of solutions across regions and asset classes. This 
includes market-making, financing, risk management, securities 
clearing and settlement across fixed-income, currency, 
commodities and equity markets. 
Global Markets 
Led by: Jim DeMare 
Providing services 
across the debt, equity, 
commodity and foreign exchange markets to 
clients around the world. 
in 2024, building a more predictable and stable income stream 
in this business. 
Continued investment in our platform and capabilities, including 
enhancements to the client experience and partnerships, delivered 
strong performance and garnered industry-wide recognition, 
notably being named World’s Best Bank for Markets by Euromoney 
in 2024 for the second year in a row. 
We maintained our competitive position among the top five U.S. 
banks, laying a strong foundation for the future. 
Record 
$18.8B 
sales and trading revenue 
in 2024—an 8% increase 
year-over-year 
Record 
$141B 
average client loan 
levels in 2024—an 8% 
increase year-over-year 
700+ BofA Global Research 
analysts in 20 countries 
Providing real-time analyses based on 
companywide data 
Bank of America Institute provides original perspectives on the 
economy, sustainability and transformation to help businesses, 
nonprofit organizations, communities, policymakers, regulators, 
teammates and other key stakeholders make more informed 
decisions. These insights are derived by leveraging proprietary 
data, including from Bank of America’s 69 million consumer 
and small business clients, $1.24 trillion consumer and wealth 
management deposits, $4.3 trillion total payments and 58 million 
verified digital users. 
Innovating for the future 
To propel our business forward, we continue to invest thoughtfully 
in new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, and leverage 
innovative quantitative initiatives to empower our world-class 
talent and increase workflow efficiencies. With robust algorithms 
across nearly all asset classes, we are incorporating automation 
to help deliver seamless, on-demand liquidity to clients, driving 
strong volume and market share growth. Through disciplined 
resource allocation, we are scaling and optimizing the impact of 
our investments. 
Delivering as a global business with global talent 
Our global team of talented professionals brings a wealth 
of market expertise, innovation and local insights, helping 
to enable us to deliver industry-leading strategies and 
solutions tailored to the evolving needs of clients. We do 
this together as one team — valuing different perspectives 
and operating seamlessly across borders — by fostering 
collaboration, agility and excellence. We embrace the strength 
of our global talent to drive meaningful impact and create 
differentiating value for our clients around the world. 
Generating award-winning research 
and data-driven insights 
With more than 700 analysts located in 20 countries, BofA 
Global Research creates original, independent, anticipatory 
investment insights for institutional and private clients. 
The team provides recommendations on approximately 
3,500 stocks and approximately 1,300 credits globally, as well 
as economic forecasts for 59 countries, forecasts for 33 
commodities and recommendations on 46 currencies. 
For 2024, BofA Global Research was named Extel’s (formerly 
Institutional Investor) No. 2 Global Research Leader, No. 2 
All-America Equity Research and No. 2 Global Fixed Income 
Research. Other notable 2024 Extel rankings include No. 1 
Developed Europe Equity Research and No. 1 Emerging EMEA 
Equity Research. 
11 
consecutive quarters of sales and 
trading growth year-over-year 
No. 2 
Global Research Leader 
& 
Global Fixed Income Research 
by Extel (formerly Institutional 
Investor) in 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 31 
30 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
eight lines of business | global markets 

Serving clients 
and communities 
in our local U.S. 
markets 
Our nearly 100 market 
presidents, based in 
local markets from 
coast to coast and 
representing various 
lines of business, work 
with local leaders to 
help deliver Responsible 
Growth. 
local markets 
organization 
Local collaboration helps us meet the financial 
needs of our clients by connecting them to effective 
resources, solutions and services. Our local leaders 
know our clients well because they are part of their 
communities and understand the nuances of their 
economy, culture, strengths and opportunities. This 
helps us deliver our global capabilities with a local, 
personal focus. 
Spotlighting our Greater Boston market 
Our local market approach can be seen in Boston, 
where 3,620 teammates deliver the full capabilities 
of our company to meet our clients’ individual needs. 
The Boston market team continued to grow its 
leading position in the market in 2024 and managed 
$91 billion in total FDIC deposits,1 $84 billion in 
Merrill client balances2 and more than $10 billion in 
loans to commercial and small businesses, delivering 
financial products and services to help clients 
achieve their goals. 
Helping individuals and businesses grow is at the 
core of what we do. In 2024, the team in Boston 
was focused on spotlighting the capabilities of 
“Through the work of our teammates 
across the company and by leveraging 
our global and local partnerships, 
we broaden our ability to deliver for 
individuals and businesses and help 
our Boston community succeed.” 
Miceal Chamberlain 
President of Bank of America Greater Boston 
$91B 
in total 
FDIC deposits 
in 20241 
$509.1M 
to the city and state economy 
from the 2024 Boston Marathon® 
presented by Bank of America 
our company for clients, hosting several events and summits 
throughout the year. These engagements leveraged our 
partnerships to bring together local leaders, business owners 
and entrepreneurs to discuss topics that matter to our clients — 
from the importance of setting kids on a strong financial path to 
leveraging artificial intelligence to move businesses forward. 
“Through the work of our teammates across the company and 
by leveraging our global and local partnerships, we broaden our 
ability to deliver for individuals and businesses and help our 
Boston community succeed,” said Miceal Chamberlain, president 
of Bank of America Greater Boston. 
1Total deposits within this market as of June 30, 2024, which may be inclusive of Consumer, Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking and Global Markets deposits. 
2GWIM, the wealth and investment management division of Bank of America, includes Private Bank and Merrill. GWIM Client Balances consist of assets under management of GWIM entities, 
brokerage assets and assets in custody of GWIM entities. 
$10B+ 
in loans to commercial 
and small businesses 
in 2024 
Supporting a thriving Boston area, our company partnered with 
the Boston Private Industry Council to celebrate employers hiring 
youth and recruited new employer partners to deliver on our 
commitment to develop the next generation workforce. We also 
hosted a MassSkills Coalition Summit, convening Massachusetts 
employers across sectors that are committed to sharing and 
implementing new ways to access, hire, train and retain talent. 
We deepened our commitment to Greater Boston through 
grants, thought-leadership and volunteerism. This included 
our continued support of Community Captains, a multiyear 
partnership between the New England Patriots Foundation and 
Bank of America, to provide funding, mentorship and strategic 
guidance to New England-based nonprofits to amplify the 
difference they make in their local communities. 
Marking two decades of supporting community development 
and local changemakers, the team celebrated 20 years of 
the Neighborhood Builders® program by gathering 2024 
Greater Boston Neighborhood Builders, Bank of America 
leaders, alumni and community partners. The event encouraged 
networking, idea-sharing and collaboration among Boston’s 
nonprofit leaders. 
Running a new chapter of the Boston Marathon 
Our focus on clients, teammates and communities came 
together at the 128th running of the Boston Marathon® in 
April 2024 — our first as the presenting partner. Through the 
partnership, we connected with athletes and millions of sports 
fans to promote wellness, raise meaningful funds for charities 
and bring local economic benefit. The 2024 Boston Marathon 
presented by Bank of America generated $509.1 million for the 
city and state economy. 
Approximately 700 teammates volunteered during marathon 
weekend, and we engaged clients and leaders from across our 
lines of business to support local partnerships and foster business 
integration opportunities. We also supported more than 160 
Official Charity Program organizations through a kick-off event 
to empower nonprofit partners, ultimately reaching a new record 
fundraising level of $45.7 million and contributing to the race’s 
total charitable impact of $71.9 million. 
We drive Responsible Growth through our local market teams by 
delivering for our clients, teammates and the communities where 
we live and work. To learn more, visit bankofamerica.com/local. 
DELIVERING 
GROWTH 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 33 
32
32 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Connecting clients to global financial 
solutions to meet their needs and power 
their operations 
As one of the world’s leading financial institutions, with 
operations in more than 35 countries, our on-the-ground experts 
and global resources help companies and institutions prosper. 
international presence 
Our country executives, leaders and teams in local markets across our 
international platform connect clients to innovative offerings available across 
Bank of America. Through our understanding of the local economy and client 
base, we deliver tailor-made solutions and local and global expertise on 
products, distribution and execution capabilities. 
Spotlighting our presence in Germany 
With a presence in Germany since 1951, our growing team of more 
than 160 employees is based in the financial center of Frankfurt. 
By leveraging our global resources, we help regional clients achieve 
their business goals and grow at a national and international level. 
“We are driven by a client-first 
culture and are committed to providing 
integrated financial solutions, capital 
markets execution and transformative 
advice to corporations, financial 
institutions and government agencies.” 
Armin von Falkenhayn 
Germany Country Executive 
Our Global Corporate & Investment Banking teams and 
support partners serve as steadfast and trusted advisors 
to leading German companies, as well as U.S. and European 
companies, successfully executing landmark transactions 
year over year. Our Global Payments Solutions team serves our 
corporate clients and financial institutions across Europe, the 
Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and around the globe. In addition, 
our Global Markets business, backed by our award-winning BofA 
Global Research team, supports our institutional investor clients 
with their investing and trading activities. 
“At Bank of America, we are driven by a client-first culture and 
are committed to providing integrated financial solutions, 
capital markets execution and transformative advice to 
corporations, financial institutions and government agencies,” 
said Armin von Falkenhayn, Germany country executive. “Through 
our focus on Responsible Growth, we strive to deliver on our 
purpose to help make financial lives better and deliver for our 
clients and shareholders.” 
Through company-sponsored events in Germany, we bring 
together the world’s greatest minds for conferences on the global 
economy, policy, technology and sustainable finance. In October 
2024, more than 1,000 global business and government leaders 
gathered in Germany for the second Berlin Global Dialogue, a 
conference backed by Bank of America as principal sponsor. The 
event promoted dialogue across areas key to reshaping the future 
of the global economy. 
Germany has a longstanding commitment to supporting economic 
opportunity and helping our communities thrive. Our grant 
partnerships with nonprofit organizations in Germany focus 
on economic empowerment, job creation and helping people 
transition from education into employment. Our partners include 
Impact Hub Berlin, part of a global network addressing social and 
environmental issues through entrepreneurship; JOBLINGE, an 
organization working across Germany to equip young people with 
the skills to access employment; and JUMPP, a Frankfurt-based 
organization helping entrepreneurs to start or scale up businesses. 
In 2024, 72% of teammates in Germany participated in 
volunteering activities, collectively recording more than 1,600 
hours and placing Germany at the top of Bank of America’s EMEA 
volunteering leaderboard. 
We also support our clients’ needs related to sustainability and a 
transition to a low-carbon economy. In 2024, through our support 
for Climate KIC, a knowledge and innovation community, we helped 
bring together technology and green innovators focused on a clean-
energy transition using scalable solutions in countries across Europe 
where we serve our clients. 
We also believe that investments in arts and culture have a 
positive impact on the lives of our clients and employees. Since 
the launch of our Art Conservation Project in 2010, museums and 
arts institutions across Germany have received grants to conserve 
historically and culturally significant works. Bank of America 
currently holds a partnership with Schirn Kunsthalle, providing 
Frankfurt-based employees entry benefits to the museum, as 
well as access to a range of talks and events, as part of our 
commitment to being a Great Place to Work. 
With Bank of America’s International business contributing 
close to 40% of all Global Corporate & Investment Banking and 
Global Markets revenues, as well as Germany’s key role within 
the European Union and its status as a major player in the global 
economy, the country continues to be a key focus area of our 
international growth plans. 
160+ 
teammates in Germany 
at year-end 2024 
72% 
of teammates in Germany 
participated in volunteering 
activities in 2024 
73-year 
presence in Germany 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 35 
34 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Working with our clients to support and 
finance their sustainability goals 
sustainable finance 
One of the ways we drive Responsible Growth is through our work 
to serve our clients’ financial needs, including those helping deliver 
more secure, affordable and sustainable energy. 
In 2021, we set a 10-year goal to mobilize and deploy $1.5 trillion 
of sustainable finance by 2030, $1 trillion of which is dedicated 
toward the environmental transition. 
In the first four years since announcing this goal, we have 
mobilized and deployed more than $741 billion in sustainable 
finance, of which more than $404 billion aligns to the transition to 
a sustainable, clean-energy economy. Our financing spans sectors 
and geographies, including solutions in energy efficiency, 
renewable energy, sustainable transportation, resource efficiency, 
sustainable water and agriculture, and improved forestry and 
pollution control measures. 
We believe our relationships with clients across industries and 
in more than 35 countries, our work with public and private 
sector leaders around the world, and our experience with our 
own operations, position us to help provide our clients with the 
financial solutions necessary to achieve their transition goals. 
We also engage and partner with the public sector and philanthropic 
and other nonprofit organizations to help them understand private 
sector perspectives, and to learn from them about theirs. One 
example of how we foster collaboration is the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative (SMI), which is chaired by our Chair and CEO Brian 
Moynihan. The SMI was launched in 2020 by His Majesty King 
Charles III and in the last five years has built a coordinated, CEO-
led global effort to help enable the private sector to accelerate the 
transition to a sustainable future. 
Through these partnerships and the leadership of teams across 
our company, we’ve built a strong track record of providing 
innovative financial solutions tailored to meet our clients’ needs 
as they take steps to transition to a more sustainable future. 
• We led a $1 billion debt conversion transaction to 
refinance approximately $1.53 billion of sovereign 
debt for the Republic of Ecuador, the first of its kind 
in the Amazon region, which is expected to unlock 
approximately $400 million in new cash funding plus 
an estimated $60 million in endowment returns for 
terrestrial and freshwater conservation over the next 
17 years. The funds will support the Amazon Biocorridor 
Program, a management model for effectively conserving the 
Ecuadorian Amazon region. This transaction represents the 
largest amount raised for conservation in any debt conversion. 
• We led a first-of-its-kind, $205 million tax equity 
financing deal for Harvestone Low Carbon Partners, LP 
to support carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) at 
their wholly-owned facility, Blue Flint Ethanol, in North 
Dakota. Blue Flint is only the third biorefinery in the U.S. to 
capture its carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions and this transaction 
is the first CCS transaction following the August 2022 passage 
of the Inflation Reduction Act. The facility is expected to capture 
more than 200,000 metric tons of CO2 per year — the equivalent 
CO2 emissions of nearly 42,000 gas-powered vehicles. 
• We acted as the coordinating lead arranger and one of 
the consortium of lenders on a $240 million loan for 
a food waste to renewable natural gas (RNG) facility 
in Linden, N.J., being developed by South Jersey Industries, 
Captona and RNG Energy Solutions. The project is expected 
to be one of the largest RNG facilities in the U.S. — converting 
approximately 500,000 tons of food waste in the New York City 
metropolitan area into pipeline-quality natural gas. 
By deploying sustainable finance to drive Responsible Growth, 
we believe our company is well-positioned to deliver for our 
shareholders, teammates, clients and communities. 
Helping clients manage their financial needs 
through innovative digital solutions 
We continue to invest in digital capabilities that help allow individuals, families and businesses to seamlessly manage their finances. 
And, our client use of digital capabilities continues to climb. In 2024, more than 90% of client interactions came through our digital 
channels, and we’ve created an efficient experience for digital payments, provided sustainable, paperless solutions and continued to 
enhance security. 
With a record 58 million verified digital users as of year-end,1 here’s a closer look at how our clients used digital to bank, borrow and 
invest in 2024. 
digital capabilities 
1 Verified digital users represent Consumer and Merrill users with a digital identification and password; Digital active users represent Consumer and Merrill mobile and/or online 90-day active users. 
2 Digital logins represent the total number of desktop and mobile banking sessions on the Consumer Banking platform. 
3 Consumer and Small Business digital sales represent sales initiated and/or booked via our digital platforms. 
4 Erica engagement represents mobile and online activity across client-facing platforms powered by Erica. 
5 Includes Bank of America person-to-person payments sent and received through e-mail or mobile identification. 
6 Business clients represent Business Banking, Commercial and Corporate clients. 
48M digital active users1— 
up 4% year-over-year (YoY) 
14.3B digital logins2— 
up 12% YoY 
55% digital sales3 — 
up from 49% in 2023 
2.5B+ Erica® interactions 
since launch in 20184 
1.6B Zelle® transactions5 
— up 25% YoY 
$1T in payment approvals through 
CashPro® App for business clients6 
$1.5T 
sustainable finance goal 
by 2030 
36 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 37
37 

Supporting our 
teammates, clients 
and communities 
in times of need 
We’re there to help those 
we serve by mobilizing 
our company’s resources 
to provide assistance 
during difficult times. 
aiding communities 
impacted by crisis 
Various disasters strike around the globe and many 
have devastating impacts on our clients and 
teammates in the communities we serve. Our 
company stands ready to provide support to those 
communities with their specific needs before an 
event occurs and through recovery. In 2024 alone, we 
responded to hundreds of incidents, such as severe 
weather, community tragedies and other impacts, in 
our local U.S. markets and around the world. 
How we help our teammates 
We stay in regular contact with our teammates in 
affected areas to monitor and prepare for anticipated 
impacts and reach out to confirm their safety and 
needs. When employees are directly impacted, our 
Life Event Services (LES) team provides personalized 
connections to resources and benefits. 
Since its creation in 2014, LES has responded to more than 
680,000 employee cases globally. In addition, our confidential 
Employee Assistance Program provides free counseling services to 
employees and their families 24/7, 365 days a year. Teammates can 
also request financial support through our Employee Relief Fund, 
which provides cash grants following natural disasters or emergency 
hardships, including more than $7.6 million to teammates in 2024. 
How we support our clients 
For clients in significantly impacted areas, we help them maintain 
access to our financial products and services. For example, we 
offer payment assistance and fee refunds through our Client 
Assistance Program. We also contact clients to make them aware 
of what is available, including our digital banking options that 
provide access to help with their banking needs. In hard-hit areas, 
this can also include deploying mobile financial centers and ATMs. 
How we assist our impacted communities 
We connect with our local leaders, local partners and officials to 
understand the area’s greatest needs. We respond with resources, 
such as delivering critical food and water supplies, as well as with 
philanthropic support to organizations leading important response 
efforts. In 2024, we provided $6.1 million to organizations around 
the world supporting disaster relief and humanitarian aid. 
Our teammates further support their communities in times of 
need by continuing to serve our clients and through giving and 
volunteering. This includes giving through our matching gifts 
program to relief organizations, including our Employee Relief 
Fund, for disasters and other humanitarian crises. In 2024, our 
teammates also volunteered more than 20,000 hours of their 
time specifically in support of recovery efforts. 
We offered ongoing support to teammates, clients and partners 
in heavily impacted Western North Carolina. This included 
expanded dedicated counseling support sessions to our 
teammates navigating the recovery. Our teammates volunteered 
with the American Red Cross to complete damage assessments 
in the weeks following the hurricane, and teammates in Western 
North Carolina logged volunteer hours for hurricane relief efforts. 
And, in any time of crisis, teammates are encouraged to reach out 
to their local leadership teams if there is anything they need or 
anything we can do to help. 
We’ll continue to show up during critical events 
Following our consistent approach, we bring together expertise 
and resources across the company, our local market leadership 
and local partners to help address immediate needs and, when the 
incident is over, support the recovery for our teammates, clients 
and communities. 
Our local response and support in action 
In the fall of 2024, Hurricanes Helene and Milton caused a wide 
range of impacts, including devastating flooding and high winds 
across the southeast U.S. In response, our local markets were in 
regular contact with teammates in the path of the storms across 
Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. 
Teams mobilized food, water, mobile financial centers and ATMs, 
and our Client Assistance Program in the immediate aftermath 
of the storms. This included LES responses to more than 1,850 
teammate requests for support and working with market presidents 
to evacuate teammates. We provided nearly $3 million to the 
American Red Cross and other local partners supporting relief. 
SUPPORTING 
LOCAL 
COMMUNITIES 
680K+ 
employee cases addressed 
by Life Event Services 
globally since 2014 
$6.1M 
provided to organizations around 
the world supporting disaster 
relief and humanitarian aid 
in 2024 
More than 
1.8K 
LES support 
requests during 
Hurricanes Helene 
and Milton in 2024 
Nearly 
$3M 
provided to the 
American Red Cross 
and local partners 
supporting relief in 2024 
$7.6M+ 
to teammates through our 
Employee Relief Fund 
in 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 39
39 
38
38 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Supporting developing leaders and 
helping communities thrive 
With our global reach and local impact, we help empower the next 
generation and nonprofit leaders through our training and support. 
student leaders and neighborhood builders 
Using the power of every connection to 
achieve workforce outcomes 
Through our workforce development and education efforts, we 
connect individuals with local employers and education partners 
to help create access to livable-wage jobs that promote a 
thriving economy for our company to succeed. 
workforce development 
Helping people obtain livable-wage jobs is one way we advance 
economic opportunity in communities and grow market share. 
Our approach uses labor market data in each of our local U.S. 
markets to identify the greatest opportunities to place individuals 
in high-demand, growing industries that offer livable-wage jobs. 
Then we invest in nonprofits and academic institutions nationwide 
to reduce barriers to employment, close skills gaps and create 
talent pipelines for employment with local employers and at 
Bank of America. 
In 2024, we invested more than $66 million in more than 1,200 
workforce partners that are working to train and place individuals 
in jobs with local employers. 
In 2024, we celebrated the 20th anniversaries of our Student 
Leaders® and Neighborhood Builders® programs. Since 2004, 
we’ve helped thousands of students and community leaders in 
local markets across the U.S. through training, work experience 
and skills development. 
Preparing tomorrow’s leaders to succeed 
Student Leaders is open to all high school juniors and seniors 
to apply. Over the program’s 20 years, we’ve placed nearly 5,000 
participants in eight-week paid summer internships with local 
nonprofits to gain work experience and leadership skills. The 
opportunities have reached across nearly 100 communities at 
more than 700 local nonprofits — representing a more than 
$46 million investment to prepare the next generation for 
skilled, high-demand careers. 
Each year, hundreds of students nationwide join the Student 
Leaders program. With these internships often representing 
the students’ first paychecks, participants also receive financial 
education through our Better Money Habits® platform. 
Many of these students continue to make an impact in their 
communities long after their internships, becoming leaders 
in business as CEOs, heads of nonprofits, authors, medical 
professionals, teachers and elected officials. 
Empowering organizations making an impact 
Local nonprofit organizations play an important role in 
addressing societal challenges and advancing economic 
opportunity in our communities. 
Since 2004, our commitment to the Neighborhood Builders 
program has reflected Bank of America’s longstanding and 
continued philanthropic investment in nonprofit leadership 
development across the U.S. Over two decades, we’ve 
invested more than $346 million in communities across the 
U.S. and trained more than 4,000 leaders at nearly 2,000 U.S. 
Delivering skill-specific learning and career 
readiness through community education 
Through our award-winning Community Education program, 
we provide virtual and in-person workshops focused on skill-
specific learning, career readiness and certificate programs to 
help individuals prepare for employment. In 2024, the education 
site had nearly 24,000 visits. Since launching in April 2023, 
the Community Education team has trained more than 1,300 
employee Community Education Ambassadors to deliver career 
readiness and financial education, and hosted more than 300 
professional skills workshops. 
Connecting the expertise of our teammates with 
community initiatives 
Our Leader on Loan program is another example of how we use 
the power of our people to help bring sustainable change to 
our communities. The program works by “loaning” our leaders 
to community partners to provide additional capacity to build 
sustainable programs and expertise to advance strategic 
initiatives led by our nonprofit partners. 
Advancing local workforce efforts through 
strategic partnerships 
By partnering with employers and training providers, we help create 
talent pipelines and increase access to employment. As an example, 
we’re a strategic partner with Ready to Work in San Antonio, Texas, 
providing guidance and direction through its Employer Engagement 
Committee. As of December 2024, approximately 500 local 
employers have joined the Ready to Work initiative, more than 2,700 
residents have completed upskilling trainings and over 1,600 people 
have been placed in jobs in healthcare, information technology, 
education, financial services and other industries. 
Helping people obtain livable-wage jobs allows us to help improve 
financial lives for individuals and helps drive growth. When 
individuals have access to jobs and careers, and employers have 
the workforce they need to build their business, economies can 
thrive, and Bank of America can grow and succeed. 
nonprofits. Through the Neighborhood Builders program — open 
to 501(c)(3) organizations to submit an application — we help 
nonprofit leaders strengthen their capabilities and grow their 
networks, so they are more prepared to address challenges and 
deliver solutions. 
As a Neighborhood Builder, each organization receives comprehensive 
leadership training for the executive director and an emerging 
leader. The group also joins a nationwide network of peer 
organizations and gains the opportunity to access capital to 
expand their impact. 
$66M+ 
invested in workforce partners 
to train and place individuals 
in jobs in 2024 
$346M+ 
invested in local markets across the 
U.S. through Neighborhood Builders 
since 2004 
Nearly 
5K 
students have participated 
in our Student Leaders program 
since 2004 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 41 
40 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Physical wellness 
We support our teammates’ physical wellness by focusing on 
access, affordability and prevention. This starts with our health 
insurance plan options and extends to our benefits and programs 
that support teammates’ broader health and wellness needs. 
In 2024, we continued our efforts to provide affordable access 
to healthcare. For the 12th year in a row, U.S. health insurance 
premiums remain unchanged for teammates earning less 
than $50,000. 
Teladoc Health 
More than 133,000 U.S. teammates enrolled in one of our 
national medical plans — plus their covered family members — 
have no-cost access to Teladoc Health for virtual immediate, 
non-emergency care. With 24/7 access, they can talk to a doctor 
on demand who can diagnose, treat and prescribe medicine 
for common ailments. Teammates and eligible dependents can 
schedule virtual consultations with a primary care physician 
through Teladoc Health for routine and preventive care needs, 
including annual physicals. More than 34,000 U.S. teammates 
and family members accessed Teladoc Health in 2024. 
We made more than 660 onsite 
health screenings available to U.S. 
teammates covered by one of our 
national medical plans. 
Other health benefits 
We listen to employee feedback and strive to introduce new and 
innovative benefits to meet their expressed needs. For example: 
• MSK Direct is a cancer support program available through the 
Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK) Cancer Center — the world’s 
oldest and largest private cancer center. 
• Menopause & Ongoing Care provides around-the-clock 
holistic and specialized support at no cost to teammates 
and covered family members (including spouses) who are 
experiencing menopause and are enrolled in a U.S. national bank 
medical plan. 
• Well Rewards is a daily health partner that pairs a smart app 
with live, personalized support to help teammates and covered 
family members enrolled in a U.S. national bank medical plan 
meet health and wellness goals. 
• Family Support offers expert guidance for preconception, 
pregnancy, adoption, surrogacy, postpartum and pediatric 
support at no cost to current and future parents enrolled in a 
U.S. national bank medical plan. We also provide up to $20,000 
reimbursement for adoption, surrogacy or fertility treatments. 
Physical activity 
Our Global Get Active! challenge encourages teammates to 
connect and focus on their physical activity while enjoying 
friendly competition. In 2024, more than 60,000 employees 
in 34 countries chose to participate in the six-week challenge, 
collectively taking more than 17 billion steps. Through our 
discount program, employees also have access to Wellhub, 
which connects them to local gyms and studios, virtual live and 
on-demand classes, personal training, and a variety of emotional 
and physical wellness apps. 
Investing in our 
teammates’ 
wellness and 
long-term 
career growth 
Bank of America has 
always been the bank 
of opportunity for our 
shareholders, our clients 
and customers, our 
communities and our 
teammates. 
We strive to make Bank of America a Great Place 
to Work for our employees by providing access 
to a broad range of opportunities to achieve their 
professional goals and by maintaining a culture 
of caring for them and their families. We are 
a company of approximately 213,000 talented 
employees who represent a diverse range of 
experiences, skills, backgrounds and perspectives 
across many dimensions. 
We are deliberate about the many ways we seek 
to create an inclusive environment where everyone 
has the opportunity to achieve their career goals. 
This is core to our values, to our efforts to make the 
company a Great Place to Work and to delivering on 
Responsible Growth for our clients, customers and 
communities around the globe. 
Championing wellness 
Bank of America provides competitive and flexible 
benefits and programs to support our teammates 
at every stage of life. We see wellness encompassing 
three areas: physical, emotional and financial. By 
supporting all three, we help drive our commitment 
to make Bank of America a Great Place to Work for 
all employees. 
Prevention 
Primary and preventive care are critical to wellness. That’s why 
we continue to enhance access to care through onsite wellness 
clinics at many of our U.S. locations. By delivering more than 660 
free onsite health screenings to U.S. teammates covered by one 
of our national medical plans, we help teammates understand their 
health status and create a personal wellness gameplan. Through 
these screenings, teammates learn about their physical wellness 
while moving one step closer to completing their annual wellness 
activities, which provides up to a $1,000 credit ($500 for a 
teammate and $500 for a covered spouse or partner) toward their 
annual medical plan premium. 
HUMAN 
CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT 
UPDATE 
34K+ 
U.S. teammates and 
family members 
accessed Teladoc Health 
in 2024 
60K+ 
teammates participated 
in our Global Get Active! 
challenge 
in 2024 
12 
consecutive years of no change 
to U.S. health insurance premiums 
for teammates earning less than $50K 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 43 
42
42 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Tuition assistance and college admissions support 
We encourage lifelong learning for our employees and their 
children. Our Tuition Assistance & Academic Support program 
provides U.S. teammates access to academic specialists who 
match them with programs and courses that align to their goals. 
Teammates receive up to $7,500 annually in tuition assistance 
when returning to school or pursuing eligible job-related courses, 
degrees or professional certifications. Additionally, teammates 
can access a network of schools offering discounted tuition 
and/or waived fees. In 2024, we provided more than 6,500 
employees with nearly $21 million through these programs. 
We also provide college admissions guidance to our teammates 
and their children, starting as early as eighth grade, with access 
to free, one-on-one expert guidance. The Bright Horizons College 
Coach® program helps teammates plan for and navigate the 
college admissions and financial aid process. 
401(k) and financial counseling 
U.S. teammates are automatically enrolled into the company’s 
401(k) plan as soon as they’re eligible. Based on years of service, 
we make an annual contribution of 2%–3% and offer matching 
contributions of up to 5% of eligible pay. 
Teammates can create an investment strategy from a variety of 
fixed income, equity and specialty investment funds, choosing to 
invest pretax and/or after-tax (Roth) dollars. We offer free financial 
planning tools and resources to help plan for short- and long-term 
financial goals, including: 
• Personalized, confidential support from an independent planner 
to help get the most out of employee benefits 
• Better Money Habits®, a financial educational resource 
co-developed by our company 
Emotional wellness 
We recognize the importance of emotional wellness to overall 
health, and provide teammates education, benefits and resources 
to help make mental health a priority. 
Eligible teammates and covered family members age 13 and 
older can access mental health support, with the ability to connect 
virtually with a licensed therapist or behavioral health specialist on 
many issues including stress, anxiety, depression, family, marriage 
and eating disorders. 
Awareness and education 
Throughout the year, we prioritize emotional wellness through 
informational and educational content. This drives awareness 
and utilization of available resources and helps break the stigma 
around mental health. We also host special programming during 
key moments, such as Mental Health Awareness Month, and 
highlight education and awareness activities on an ongoing basis 
on topics, including managing sleep and life priorities, embracing 
self-care and talking to children or aging parents about mental health. 
Our continuing partnership with Thrive Global saw the launch 
of a new training module targeted specifically to the needs of 
managers, helping them address their own emotional wellness 
needs and how they can support their teams’ needs. 
Child and adult care programs 
With a focus on family, we provide support to care for children and 
adult loved ones. We offer eligible U.S. teammates reimbursement 
to help with childcare costs through our Child Care Plus® program. 
And, when regular care arrangements for children or adults are 
unavailable, we offer U.S. employees 50 days of back-up care 
during the calendar year. We offer similar programs globally. 
Life Event Services (LES) 
Our LES team connects teammates with resources at important life 
moments. By tapping internal and external experts for assistance 
with significant events, LES helps employees get the help they need 
to address domestic violence, natural disasters, terminal illness, 
retiring from the company, survivor support and more. 
In 2024, we celebrated 10 years for this highly specialized team. 
Over that time, the team has grown to more than 150 specialists 
across more than 10 locations and has handled more than 680,000 
cases, supporting our teammates in the moments that matter most. 
Sabbatical program 
Launched in 2023, our sabbatical program is one of our 
newest — and an increasingly popular — benefits. The program 
provides four to six weeks away from work after 15 or more 
years of service. More than 21,000 teammates have already 
enjoyed our industry-leading sabbatical program, and have chosen 
to do a variety of things with their time: volunteer, connect with 
family, travel, start a new hobby or simply rest. The program is 
designed to help teammates return to work refreshed and ready 
to continue their career with us. 
Financial wellness 
We know establishing financial wellness1 early in life is important, 
and we focus our support on the development and continuation 
of good money habits, planning for short-term and long-term 
expenses and setting aside savings for emergencies. Through 
retirement savings plans, programs and access to self-guided 
tools, we help teammates achieve their best financial lives. 
1 Specific programs vary by region. U.S. programs shown. 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) and onsite 
specialists 
Our EAP provides teammates and their household members up 
to 12 free, in-person confidential counseling sessions per issue, 
per year and unlimited phone consultations to address issues 
including relationships, grief or loss, anxiety, caregiving and time 
management, or simply to talk with someone. 
We recently enhanced the availability of convenient, in-person 
confidential counseling by placing onsite EAP specialists at 34 work 
locations across the U.S. These counselors offer expertise around 
our work and life benefits and face-to-face confidential counseling. 
10 
years of support from our LES 
team, which has grown to 150+ 
specialists across 10+ locations 
Onsite EAP specialists and benefits 
navigators provide in-person 
confidential counseling to teammates 
across 34 work locations. 
Up to 
$7.5K 
offered in tuition assistance for 
employees to return to school or 
pursue eligible job-related courses 
and certifications annually 
21K+ 
teammates celebrating 15 or 
more years of service have taken 
4–6 weeks of paid time off 
as part of our companywide 
sabbatical program since it 
launched in 2023 
680K+ 
cases supported by our LES 
team since it launched in 2014 
50 
days of back-up care for 
children or adults during 
the calendar year 
Up to 
5% 
matching 401(k) plan 
contributions, plus 2%–3% 
annual company 
contribution 
44 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 45
45 

Rewarding performance 
Our compensation philosophy is to pay for performance over 
the long term, as well as on an annual basis. We strive to pay 
our employees based on market rates for their roles, experience 
and how they perform. We regularly benchmark against other 
companies both within and outside our industry to confirm our 
pay is competitive. 
We continue to be a leader in establishing a 
minimum rate of U.S. pay. In October 2024, we again 
increased our minimum hourly pay for U.S. employees — this 
time to $24 — making additional progress toward increasing our 
minimum hourly wage to $25 by 2025. With this increase, all 
full-time U.S. employees now make a minimum annualized salary 
of nearly $50,000, up by more than $18,000 since 2017. 
Based on our 2024 financial performance, we 
provided teammates with Sharing Success 
compensation awards. This is the eighth time we 
have done so since 2017, bringing our total investment in 
our teammates through this program to nearly $5.8 billion, 
with approximately 97% of our employees receiving an 
award. Most Sharing Success awards are in the form of 
Bank of America common stock that vests over four years, 
providing the opportunity for teammates across compensation 
levels to further share in our company’s long-term success. 
These awards are in addition to our standard annual 
compensation and incentive awards. 
We are committed to equal pay for equal work and we maintain 
robust policies and practices that reinforce our commitment, 
including reviews conducted by a third-party consultant with 
oversight from our Board and senior management. 
Investing in career growth 
and development 
Attracting, developing and retaining top talent is essential to 
driving Responsible Growth. 
Attracting talent 
Building a strong pipeline of talent means finding and hiring 
candidates who are committed to our purpose and have a passion 
for serving our clients and communities. This spans programs 
from entry-level hiring through more senior-level recruiting. 
Students joined us from more than 400 universities across 
the country and around the world for entry-level opportunities 
through our highly competitive campus program. We partner with 
colleges and universities, including public and private universities, 
liberal arts colleges, Hispanic-Serving Institutions, historically 
black colleges and universities, women’s colleges, men’s colleges, 
military academies and religious institutions, that bring us a broad 
range of candidates. In addition, we’ve developed partnerships 
with 34 community colleges to collaborate on a career readiness 
curriculum for jobs in financial services and as a means to connect 
Bank of America with the best talent. 
In 2024, we continued to hire teammates whose broad range of 
perspective, experience and skills will help enable us to serve our 
clients at the global, national and local levels. 
Supporting career development 
One of the ways we invest in our teammates is through The 
Academy at Bank of America. The Academy offers structured 
programs, on-demand education, and a wide array of tools and 
resources to help teammates develop their skills and grow their 
careers. Our onboarding experience connects teammates to our 
core values and purpose, providing education that helps them 
hit the ground running in a new role; and we offer continued 
professional development as they build a successful career with 
the company. 
In 2024, The Academy launched streamlined digital platforms 
to improve the onboarding experience for new teammates and 
their managers. As part of onboarding, The Academy delivers a 
consistent orientation to teammates across the globe. This helps 
provide the tools needed for every employee to fully understand 
how we drive Responsible Growth and provides an introduction to 
our company and culture. New teammates across the company 
participate in this orientation, including more than 2,100 interns 
and 2,000 full-time campus hires who joined our company last 
year. Teammates new to their roles participate in programs that 
offer support through cohort-based high-touch experiences and 
skill-building opportunities. 
And when teammates are ready for a new role, we provide 
accessible, high-quality training on skills applicable in roles 
across our company, job coaching and access to opportunities 
to identify and pursue new challenges across the company. This 
includes on-demand education that provides self-directed sessions 
to help teammates advance their skills in areas such as client 
engagement, problem solving, data management and more. In 
2024, The Academy launched the Bank of America Skills Library 
as a resource for teammates to build top skills that are aligned to 
roles across the company. This is part of our continued focus on 
career mobility and professional development. 
We also drive innovative learning through immersive technology. 
We offer a comprehensive set of tools leveraging technologies, 
such as virtual reality, artificial intelligence and practice simulations, 
within our financial centers, and have expanded this to contact 
centers across the U.S. We’ve received consistent teammate 
feedback that the practice repetitions help them deliver better 
service to our clients and customers. 
Increase to 
$24 
U.S. minimum hourly wage 
for full-time employees in 2024 
Nearly 
$5.8B 
total investment in our teammates 
through Sharing Success since 2017 
2024 hiring statistics 
new hires 
18K+ 
military and 
veteran hires 
900+ 
full-time 
campus hires 
2K+ 
hires through
 nonprofit 
partnerships 
500+ 
Pathways hires from 
low- and moderate- 
income communities 
3.9K+ 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 47 
46
46 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Investing in our leaders and managers 
Through assessments, professional coaching and a consistent 
manager curriculum, we continually strive to build managers’ 
skills to better equip them for success and help them progress in 
their careers, ultimately strengthening our pipeline of leaders and 
instilling our values throughout the company. 
In 2021, we launched a manager development program built 
around eight expectations of managers at Bank of America. The 
curriculum was created in response to employee feedback and 
focuses on what being a successful manager at the company 
means — from leading a team to drive business outcomes, to 
being a financial steward, to effectively managing risk and more. It 
culminates in a capstone experience that helps enable managers 
to integrate the concepts and build an action plan to apply what 
they’ve learned. More than two-thirds of our managers have 
completed the development curriculum, including participation in 
their capstone experience. 
Managers are also regularly engaged through our Manager 
Excellence program. Consultants provide virtual or in-person 
sessions to help managers build their skills and connect everyday 
decisions to enterprise priorities, and managers can connect 
to peers for advice and dialogue through an internal online 
social community. 
We also launched a new Emotional Wellness for Managers 
training module in 2024 that helps managers understand how 
strengthening their own emotional wellness can help them 
create an environment where teams can succeed and managers 
can respond appropriately to stress, leading from a position of 
strength. This is designed to result in more effective people 
managers and coaches — one of our eight expectations of 
managers — and an environment where teammates feel more 
comfortable discussing well-being. 
We continue to focus on being a Great Place to Work for veterans 
transitioning to civilian life and to our company. We have hired 
more than 10,000 veterans and individuals with a military 
background since 2020, including more than 900 in 2024 alone. 
Our Veteran Onboarding Initiative pairs newly hired veterans with 
a buddy within the first 90 days and helps ease them into civilian 
life. And our Military Support & Assistance Group (MSAG) has 43 
chapters and more than 22,000 members, providing a community 
filled with development opportunities for military employees, their 
families and friends through networking, mentoring, volunteer 
events and information forums. 
We also partner with national nonprofit organizations, including 
Stop Soldier Suicide, K9s for Warriors, Cohen Veterans Network 
and more, as well as local veteran service organizations, to address 
the needs of military veterans and their families. Since 2012, 
Bank of America has donated more than 6,500 residential 
properties, with more than 2,700 of them going to nonprofits 
supporting military service members and their families. We have 
nearly 100 financial centers near military installations staffed by 
teammates trained on the life stages and needs of military clients. 
And our Better Money Habits® program includes information 
specifically to help military service members and their families 
make the transition to civilian life, with resources devoted to 
“Understanding civilian retirement plans,” “How to get the most 
from the GI Bill” and more. 
Providing opportunities for our neurodiverse 
teammates, clients and communities 
Our medical accommodations team works to develop practices, 
programs and adjustments so that all teammates have access to 
employment opportunities, will be successful in performing their 
jobs, and are able to actively utilize our resources and benefits. 
Neurodiverse teammates can also find a community of support 
and allyship through our Disability Action Network (DAN). With 
more than 23,000 members and 30 chapters worldwide, DAN 
connects teammates to opportunities for professional growth 
and development, holds information forums and provides 
opportunities for community involvement. 
We’re proud to support organizations that help neurodiverse 
individuals find meaningful employment. In partnership with 
Neurodiversity in the Workplace, we developed education 
Building a world-class talent base 
Our company serves 69 million clients around the world. We 
commit to understanding and to addressing their individual 
financial needs, objectives and preferences. These vary widely, 
from young professionals and growing families, to small and 
mid-sized businesses, to multinational firms and multigenerational 
families, to global institutions. This scope requires that we 
continuously build a global talent base with deep and broad 
skills, experiences, perspectives and tenures. 
We are high-tech and high-touch, which also underscores the 
importance of our local presence, delivered through employees 
in the neighborhoods where they work and live. And we serve 
our clients as a unified team, investing in skill-based training and 
optional resources that help foster strong teamwork, partnerships 
and an inclusive environment for all. This allows employees to 
pursue opportunities for learning and career growth. 
Providing opportunities for those who have served 
our country 
We help serve those who have served our country and are 
committed to meeting the needs of our teammates, clients and 
communities with a military background. This includes three of 
our Management Team Members who bring invaluable perspective 
and experience as former service members. 
opportunities for managers to understand how to support 
neurodivergent teammates and advance inclusive workplace 
practices. More than 1,100 teammates have participated in 
educational sessions. We also have longstanding partnerships with 
organizations, such as Disability:IN, National Disability Institute, 
ArtLifting and Special Olympics, that empower and provide 
opportunities for individuals who are neurodiverse, as well as those 
who are living with other disabilities. 
And the innovation of our employees drives our efforts forward. In 
2024, Cakeable, a nonprofit development program for young adults 
with intellectual and developmental disabilities, opened its first 
bakery in one of our office buildings because of the leadership of a 
Bank of America teammate, the Charlotte Market President Office 
and the city of Charlotte. Cakeable provides employment and 
training opportunities in the Cakeable Bakery and Cakeable Café. 
United in helping to combat hate 
Our company has long stood united in the fight against all hate 
directed toward any group. We activated our multiyear $20 million 
commitment to support the Foundation to Combat Antisemitism 
as it focuses on raising awareness and combating hate through 
their national Blue Square campaign and their Timeout Against 
Hate campaign. 
More than two-thirds of our managers 
have completed the development 
curriculum, including participation in 
their capstone experience. 
10K+ 
veterans and individuals with 
a military background hired 
since 2020 
$20M 
multiyear commitment to 
support the Foundation to 
Combat Antisemitism 
Broad engagement in our programs in 2024 
7.6M+ 
hours of 
teammate 
training 
21K+ 
enrollments new to 
their roles received 
core training 
65K+ 
enrollments 
supported with new 
skills development 
740K+ 
high-tech simulations 
delivered through 
immersive technology 
87K+ 
Academy program 
enrollments 
48 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 49 

 
Employee Networks 
We have 11 Employee Networks that support our culture 
of inclusion by providing teammates opportunities to meet 
new people, have an impact across multiple lines of business, 
and grow personally and professionally; they are open to all 
employees on a voluntary basis. 
Our 11 Employee Networks are: 
• Asian Leadership Network 
• Black Professional Group 
• Culture & Heritage Network, including the Jewish 
Heritage Chapter and Arab Heritage Chapter 
• Disability Action Network 
• Hispanic/Latino Organization for Leadership & Advancement 
• Inter-Generational Employee Network 
• LEAD (Leadership, Education, Advocacy and Development) 
for Women 
• Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer 
(LGBTQ+) Pride 
• Military Support & Assistance Group 
• Native American Professional Network 
• Parents and Caregivers Network 
Measuring employee 
engagement and turnover 
Each year, our Employee Engagement Survey gathers teammate 
feedback across the company to shape and inform our work. 
More than 178,000 teammates shared their thoughts by 
participating in our 2024 survey. Our Employee Engagement 
Index Score1 is well above industry benchmarks and reflects our 
collective efforts to be a Great Place to Work for our teammates. 
After this year’s survey results were tallied, leaders and managers 
across the company engaged more than 25,000 teammates in 
more than 1,700 listening sessions, during which more than 
2,800 Operational Excellence opportunities were discussed. 
The results of the survey and these listening sessions, and the 
process of analyzing results to help drive continuous improvement 
that follows, are discussed with the Board of Directors at least 
annually. We believe our low employee turnover reflects the 
strength of our employee engagement results and how our 
teammates view Bank of America as an employer of choice. 
We offer a variety of resources and programs that support 
career growth and development for a good reason: We want 
teammates to have long-term careers with our company. In 2024 
alone, more than 12,000 teammates found new roles within 
the company, and during the past five years on average, 42% of 
our roles have been filled internally. This is a reflection of our 
ongoing focus and investment in professional development to 
drive all teammates to achieve their career goals. 
1 Survey was not conducted in 2015 
2 Based on employee self-identification 
Global employees 
Total employees 
Top three management levels 
Managers at all levels 
Campus 
Women 
50% 
42% 
42% 
43% 
Men 
50% 
58% 
58% 
57% 
U.S.-based employees 
White 
47% 
71% 
54% 
37% 
Asian 
14% 
11% 
15% 
30% 
Black 
15% 
8% 
11% 
11% 
Hispanic 
19% 
7% 
16% 
17% 
American Indian/Alaskan Native 
0.4% 
0.1% 
0.3% 
0.2% 
Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander 
0.3% 
0.1% 
0.3% 
-
Two or more races 
3% 
1% 
2% 
4% 
LGBTQ+ 
3% 
-
-
-
Military veterans 
5% 
-
-
-
People with disabilities 
5% 
-
-
-
2024 workforce metrics
2 
320K+ 
Employee Network 
memberships 
worldwide 
360+ 
Employee Network 
chapters 
at year-end 2024 
55% 
of our workforce is a 
member of at least one 
Employee Network 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 51 
50
50 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Equal Employment Opportunity 
(EEO) statistics 
U.S. Employee Demographics in 2024 
Job category 
Gender 
White 
Black/ 
African 
American 
Hispanic/ 
 Latino 
Asian 
American 
Indian/ 
Alaska 
Native 
Native 
Hawaiian/ 
Other 
Pacific 
Islander 
Two or 
more 
races 
Total by 
gender 
Executive/Senior 
level officials and 
managers 
Male 
43.1% 
3.2% 
3.5% 
8.1% 
0.1% 
0.0% 
0.9% 
60.7% 
Female 
27.8% 
3.3% 
2.7% 
4.3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.7% 
39.3% 
Total 
71.0% 
6.4% 
6.3% 
12.5% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
1.5% 
First/Mid-level 
officials and 
managers 
Male 
26.4% 
4.0% 
6.9% 
7.6% 
0.2% 
0.2% 
1.1% 
47.3% 
Female 
28.5% 
7.2% 
9.4% 
5.7% 
0.3% 
0.1% 
1.0% 
52.7% 
Total 
54.9% 
11.2% 
16.3% 
13.3% 
0.4% 
0.3% 
2.1% 
Professionals 
Male 
35.4% 
5.0% 
6.1% 
10.9% 
0.2% 
0.1% 
1.4% 
60.3% 
Female 
19.9% 
5.8% 
4.4% 
8.1% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
0.9% 
39.7% 
Total 
55.3% 
10.8% 
10.5% 
19.0% 
0.3% 
0.2% 
2.4% 
Technicians 
Male 
16.8% 
11.6% 
8.8% 
17.8% 
0.2% 
0.2% 
1.9% 
58.4% 
Female 
7.9% 
6.7% 
3.2% 
22.7% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
0.8% 
41.6% 
Total 
24.7% 
18.3% 
12.0% 
40.5% 
0.2% 
0.3% 
2.7% 
Sales workers 
Male 
43.3% 
3.2% 
4.8% 
7.4% 
0.2% 
0.1% 
1.5% 
63.2% 
Female 
22.9% 
2.2% 
4.0% 
5.6% 
0.2% 
0.2% 
1.1% 
36.8% 
Total 
66.2% 
5.4% 
8.9% 
13.1% 
0.4% 
0.3% 
2.6% 
Administrative 
support 
Male 
11.3% 
5.7% 
9.8% 
2.6% 
0.1% 
0.1% 
1.0% 
30.9% 
Female 
23.2% 
15.8% 
21.1% 
5.9% 
0.4% 
0.3% 
2.0% 
69.1% 
Total 
34.5% 
21.5% 
30.9% 
8.5% 
0.5% 
0.4% 
3.0% 
Operatives 
Male 
16.0% 
21.6% 
12.0% 
15.2% 
0.0% 
0.8% 
2.4% 
68.0% 
Female 
6.4% 
11.2% 
8.0% 
5.6% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.8% 
32.0% 
Total 
22.4% 
32.8% 
20.0% 
20.8% 
0.0% 
0.8% 
3.2% 
Service workers 
Male 
50.0% 
10.7% 
3.6% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
64.3% 
Female 
25.0% 
0.0% 
10.7% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
35.7% 
Total 
75.0% 
10.7% 
14.3% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
0.0% 
Total 
Male 
24.8% 
5.2% 
7.6% 
7.2% 
0.2% 
0.1% 
1.2% 
47.1% 
Female 
22.4% 
9.8% 
11.6% 
7.0% 
0.2% 
0.2% 
1.3% 
52.9% 
Total 
47.2% 
15.0% 
19.2% 
14.2% 
0.4% 
0.3% 
2.6% 
2024 EEO (by percentage of teammates)1, 2 
1EEO table does not include job categories in which the company does not have employees (craft workers, and laborers & helpers). 
2 Based on employee self-identification 
1 EEO table does not include job categories in which the company does not have employees (craft workers, and laborers & helpers). 
2 Based on employee self-identification 
2024 EEO (by number of teammates)1, 2 
U.S. Employee Demographics in 2024 
Job category 
Gender 
White 
Black/ 
African 
American 
Hispanic/ 
 Latino 
Asian 
American 
Indian/ 
Alaska 
Native 
Native 
Hawaiian/ 
Other 
Pacific 
Islander 
Two or 
more 
races 
Total by 
gender 
Executive/Senior 
level officials and 
managers 
Male 
 2,320 
 171 
 190 
 438 
 4 
 2 
 47 
 3,265 
Female 
 1,498 
 175 
 147 
 234 
 1 
 2 
 35 
 2,115 
Total 
 3,818 
 346 
 337 
 672 
 5 
 4 
 82 
 5,380 
First/Mid-level 
officials and 
managers 
Male 
 5,563 
 849 
 1,461 
 1,606 
 33 
 36 
 226 
 9,985 
Female 
 6,021 
 1,509 
 1,985 
 1,199 
 53 
 27 
 219 
 11,114 
Total 
 11,584 
 2,358 
 3,446 
 2,805 
 86 
 63 
 445 
 21,099 
Professionals 
Male 
 24,743 
 3,527 
 4,271 
 7,632 
 119 
 84 
 989 
 42,129 
Female 
 13,916 
 4,025 
 3,079 
 5,648 
 99 
 77 
 661 
 27,791 
Total 
 38,659 
 7,552 
 7,350 
 13,280 
 218 
 161 
 1,650 
 69,920 
Technicians 
Male 
 430 
 298 
 224 
 456 
 4 
 6 
 48 
 1,494 
Female 
 202 
 171 
 82 
 580 
 2 
 2 
 21 
 1,064 
Total 
 632 
 469 
 306 
 1,036 
 6 
 8 
 69 
 2,558 
Sales workers 
Male 
 709 
 52 
 79 
 122 
 3 
 2 
 25 
 1,035 
Female 
 375 
 36 
 66 
 92 
 3 
 3 
 18 
 603 
Total 
 1,084 
 88 
 145 
 214 
 6 
 5 
 43 
 1,638 
Administrative 
support 
Male 
 7,450 
 3,748 
 6,442 
 1,689 
 89 
 88 
 682 
 20,339 
Female 
 15,247 
 10,376 
 13,877 
 3,901 
 240 
 182 
 1,290 
 45,381 
Total 
 22,697 
 14,124 
 20,319 
 5,590 
 329 
 270 
 1,972 
 65,720 
Operatives 
Male 
 20 
 27 
 15 
 19 
-
 1 
 3 
 85 
Female 
 8 
 14 
 10 
 7 
-
-
 1 
 40 
Total 
 28 
 41 
 25 
 26 
-
 1 
 4 
 125 
Service workers 
Male 
 14 
 3 
 1 
-
-
-
-
 18 
Female 
 7 
-
 3 
-
-
-
-
 10 
Total 
 21 
 3 
 4 
-
-
-
-
 28 
Total 
Male 
 41,249 
 8,675 
 12,683 
 11,962 
 252 
 219 
 2,020 
 78,350 
Female 
 37,274 
 16,306 
 19,249 
 11,661 
 398 
 293 
 2,245 
 88,118 
Total 
 78,523 
 24,981 
 31,932 
 23,623 
 650 
 512 
 4,265 
 166,468 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 53 
52 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

Bank of America Corporation (NYSE: BAC) is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. As of December 31, 2024, we operated across 
the United States, its territories and more than 35 countries. Through our bank and various nonbank subsidiaries throughout the United 
States and in international markets, we provide a diversified range of banking and nonbank financial services and products through 
four business segments comprising eight lines of business: Consumer Banking (includes Retail and Preferred Banking), Global Wealth & 
Investment Management (includes Merrill and Private Bank), Global Banking (includes Business Banking, Global Commercial Banking and 
Global Corporate & Investment Banking) and Global Markets. Our remaining operations are reported in All Other. 
 
1Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information on these measures and ratios, and a corresponding reconciliation to GAAP financial measures, see Supplemental Financial Data 
on page 73 and Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 128 of the 2024 Financial Review section. 
2 This graph compares the yearly change in the Corporation’s total cumulative shareholder return on its common stock with (i) the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and (ii) the KBW Bank Index from 
December 31, 2019, through December 31, 2024. The graph assumes an initial investment of $100 at the end of 2019 and the reinvestment of all dividends during the years indicated. 
 
 
financial highlights 
Book Value Per Share/Tangible Book Value Per Share1 
Total Cumulative Shareholder Return2 
Five-Year Period Ending December 31, 2024 
BAC Five-Year Stock Performance 
For the year 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Revenue, net of interest expense 
$ 101,887 
$ 
98,581 
$ 
 94,950 
Net income 
 27,132 
 
 
 26,515 
 
 
27,528 
Earnings per common share 
3.25 
 
 
3.10 
 
 
3.21 
Diluted earnings per common share 
3.21 
 
 
3.08 
 
 
3.19 
Dividends paid per common share 
1.00 
 
 
0.92 
 
 
0.86 
Return on average assets 
0.83% 
 
0.84% 
 
0.88% 
Return on average common equity 
9.53% 
 
9.75% 
 
10.75% 
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity1 
12.92 
 
 
13.46 
 
 
15.15 
Efficiency ratio 
65.57 
 
 
66.79 
 
 
64.71 
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding 
7,936 
 
 
 8,081 
 
 
8,167 
4 At year-end 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Total loans and leases 
$ 1,095,835 
$ 1,053,732 
$ 1,045,747 
Total assets 
 3,261,519 
 
 3,180,151 
 
 3,051,375 
Total deposits 
 1,965,467 
 
 1,923,827 
 
 1,930,341 
Total shareholders’ equity 
 295,559 
 
 
 291,646 
 
 
273,197 
Book value per common share 
35.79 
 
 
33.34 
 
 
30.61 
Tangible book value per common share1 
26.58 
 
 
24.46 
 
 
21.83 
Market capitalization 
 334,497 
 
 
 265,840 
 
 
264,853 
Market price per common share 
 
 
 43.95 
 
 
 33.67 
 
 
33.12 
Common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,611 
 
 
 7,895 
 
 
7,997 
Common equity ratio 
8.4 
8.3 
8.0 
Tangible common equity ratio1 
6.3 
6.2 
5.9 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
HIGH 
$35.64 
$48.37 
$49.38 
$36.77 
$47.77 
LOW 
18.08 
29.65 
29.77 
25.17 
31.73 
CLOSE 
30.31 
44.49 
33.12 
33.67 
43.95 
 
 
Financial Highlights ($ in millions, except per share information) 
$0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Bank of America 
Corporation 
$100 
$88 
$132 
$101 
$106 
$141 
S&P 500 
100 
118 
152 
125 
157 
197 
KBW Bank Sector Index 
100 
90 
124 
98 
97 
133 
by TIME 
by Global Finance magazine 
by LinkedIn 
based on June 2024 
FDIC deposit data 
based on September 2024 
FDIC data 
by Extel 
based on September 2024 
FFIEC call reports 
based on December 2024 
FR Y-9C reports 
based on December 2024 
Dealogic data 
accolades 
We continue to be recognized by organizations and media 
around the world for driving Responsible Growth for our clients, 
teammates and communities.
1 
One of the 
World’s Most Admired 
Companies (2025) 
One of the 
100 Best Companies 
to Work For 
One of the 
World’s Best 
Employers 
One of the 
World’s Best 
Companies 
Best Consumer Digital 
Bank in the U.S. 
One of the 
50 Top Large 
Companies in the U.S. 
No. 1 in estimated 
U.S. Consumer Deposits 
No. 1 Small 
Business lender 
No. 1 in Commercial 
and Industrial Loans 
No. 1 in Managed 
Personal Trust Assets 
Top 3 in Global 
Investment Banking Fees 
Top 2 Global 
Research Leader 
by Fortune 
by Fortune for the sixth 
consecutive year 
by Forbes 
1 Accolades are based on 2024 awards or data, unless otherwise noted. 
BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 55 
54 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024 

 THEME
 WEF/SASB METRIC
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 57
56 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 STAKEHOLDER CAPITALISM METRICS
 This index includes our disclosures using the Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics developed by the International Business Council (IBC)
 of the World Economic Forum (WEF) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB, subsumed into the International
 Sustainability Standards Board - ISSB). In the interest of eliminating duplicate reporting and streamlining metrics, we reference
 our Sustainability at Bank of America document as applicable. Separately we respond as a signatory to the United Nations
 Global Compact (UNGC). We believe this disclosure helps to demonstrate how our focus on Responsible Growth assists in driving
 progress towards inclusive capitalism and the U.N.’s Sustainable Development Goals. In this index, we either reference existing
 disclosures or respond directly. We evaluate and select the metrics we believe are most relevant to our business model and will
 continue to review. All reported data is for year-end December 31, 2024, unless otherwise noted. See page 66 for Cautionary
 Information and Forward-Looking Statements regarding Stakeholder Capitalism metrics.
 INDICATES CORE IBC METRIC
 Principles of Governance
 THEME
 WEF/SASB METRIC
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT
 Governing purpose
 Setting Purpose: The company’s stated purpose, as the
 expression of the means by which a business proposes
 solutions to economic, environmental, and social issues.
 Corporate purpose should create value for all stakeholders,
 including shareholders.
 How we operate to drive Responsible Growth as discussed in this
 2024 Annual Report and our 2025 Proxy Statement articulates how
 our purpose and Corporate Social Responsibility and Environmental
 leadership helps create stakeholder value.
 IBC
 Purpose-led management: How the company’s stated purpose is
 embedded in company strategies, policies, and goals.
 Description of proxy voting and investee engagement policies
 and procedures
 Merrill Lynch and Merrill Private Wealth Management clients enrolled 
 in our investment advisory programs directly determine how to 
 vote their proxies. Through our investment advisory agreement, 
 clients may delegate proxy voting authority directly to Institutional 
 Shareholder Services (ISS) or elect to vote proxies themselves. As part 
 of delegating to ISS, clients may, at their discretion, choose among the 
 ISS Benchmark, ISS Socially Responsible Investing, and ISS Catholic 
 proxy voting guidelines. Managed Account Advisors (MAA) and Merrill 
 Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith (MLPF&S) perform due diligence on ISS 
 to determine that it has the capacity and competency to adequately 
 analyze proxy issues and can make such voting recommendations in 
 an impartial manner and in the best interests of clients. For matters 
 over which ISS has a conflict or is otherwise unable to vote (called 
 Specified Investments), the proxy committee of MAA or MLPF&S, 
 as applicable, will have the authority to vote proxies in accordance 
 with its proxy voting policies and procedures. MAA or MLPF&S does 
 not assume proxy voting authority for securities except with respect 
 to Specified Investments. For proxies neither covered by ISS nor 
 included as Specified Investments, the client will retain the right to 
 vote those proxies. Bank of America N.A. (“BANA”) Private Bank clients 
 generally delegate authority to BANA’s Private Bank to vote proxies 
 on their behalf. Where BANA has investment discretion in its fiduciary 
 accounts, it has delegated to an independent third party (“Proxy 
 Advisory Firm”) the responsibility to review proxies and to make voting 
 recommendations in accordance with BANA’s Proxy Voting Policy and 
 the BANA Fiduciary Proxy Guidelines. BANA Private Bank clients may 
 also choose not to delegate their proxy voting and vote themselves if 
 they choose to do so. 
 SASB: FN-AC-410a.3
 Quality of governing body
 Governing Body Composition: Composition of the highest
 governance body and its committees by: competencies relating
 to economic, environmental, and social topics; executive or non
 executive; independence; tenure on the governance body; number
 of each individual’s other significant positions and commitments,
 and the nature of the commitments; gender; membership of
 under-represented social groups; stakeholder representation.
 Refer to the section entitled “Proposal 1: Electing directors” in our
 2025 Proxy Statement on the Bank of America Investor Relations
 website ( investor.bankofamerica.com ).
 IBC
 SASB: FN-AC-330a.1
 SASB: FN-IB-330a.1
 Progress against strategic milestones: Disclosure of the material
 strategic economic, environmental, and social milestones
 expected to be achieved in the following year, such milestones
 achieved from the previous year, and how those milestones are
 expected to or have contributed to long-term value.
 Quality of governing body
 (continued)
 Remuneration:
 1. How performance criteria in the remuneration policies
 relate to the highest governance body’s and senior executives’
 objectives for economic, environmental and social topics, as
 connected to the company’s stated purpose, strategy, and
 long-term value.
 2. Remuneration policies for the highest governance body and
 senior executives for the following types of remuneration:
 Fixed pay and variable pay, including performance-based pay,
 equity-based pay, bonuses, and deferred or vested shares, Sign
 on bonuses or recruitment incentive payments, termination
 payments, clawback and retirement benefits.
 Refer to the “Being a great place to work” and “Compensation
 discussion and analysis” sections in our 2025 Proxy Statement
 available on the Bank of America Investor Relations website
 (investor.bankofamerica.com ).
 IBC
 Ethical behavior
 Anti-corruption:
 1. Total percentage of governance body members, employees
 and business partners who have received training on the
 organization’s anti-corruption policies and procedures, broken
 down by region.
 2. (a) Total number and nature of incidents of corruption
 confirmed during the current year but related to previous
 years and
 (b) Total number and nature of incidents of corruption
 confirmed during the current year, related to this year.
 3. Discussion of initiatives and stakeholder engagement to
 improve the broader operating environment and culture, in
 order to combat corruption.
 1. 100% of Bank of America employees are required to take training
 on anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies as part of Bank of
 America’s Code of Conduct training.
 2. There have been no suspected incidents of corruption confirmed
 this year.
 3. Employees and suppliers are engaged through training courses that
 cover gifts and entertainment, political contributions, hiring practices
 and third party considerations. Bank of America takes a zero-tolerance
 approach to bribery and corruption and seeks to comply with all
 relevant and applicable Anti-Bribery Anti-Corruption (ABAC) laws,
 rules and regulations. Understanding the ABAC policies is critical to
 avoid violations of law or policy, or even the perception of improper
 behavior. Refer to our Code of Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct
 on the Bank of America Investor Relations website
 (investor.bankofamerica.com ).
 IBC
 Protected ethics advice and reporting mechanisms: A description of
 internal and external mechanisms for:
 1. Seeking advice about ethical and lawful behaviour and
 organizational integrity
 2. Reporting concerns about unethical or lawful behaviour and
 organizational integrity
 SASB: Description of approach to ensuring professional
 integrity, including duty of care
 Refer to page 4 of our Code of Conduct on the Bank of America
 Investor Relations website (investor.bankofamerica.com ). Our Code
 of Conduct guides employees to behave with the highest level of
 integrity honoring Bank of America’s commitments to honest and
 ethical behavior and complying with applicable laws, rules, regulations
 and policies. Employees are each required annually to review,
 acknowledge and understand our Code of Conduct.
 Refer to our Code of Conduct for further details on our professional
 integrity approach and policy. Additionally, refer to the Our Company
 section of the Bank of America website, in particular the Responsible
 Growth and Our Business Practices sections.
 IBC
 SASB: FN-AC-270a.1; FN-AC-510a.2; FN-CB-510a.2; FN-CF-270a.1;
 FN-IB-510a.2; FN-IB-510b.4; FN-MF-270a.1
 Monetary losses from unethical behaviour: Total amount of
 monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated
 with: fraud, insider trading, anti-trust, anti-competitive
 behaviour, market manipulation, malpractice, or violations of
 other related industry laws or regulations.
 For disclosure of certain legal proceedings, see Note 12, Commitments
 and Contingencies on page 178 of the 2024 Financial Review section.
 IBC
 Alignment of strategy and policies to lobbying: The significant
 issues that are the focus of the company’s participation in
 public policy development and lobbying; the company’s strategy
 relevant to these areas of focus; and any differences between
 its lobbying positions, purpose, and any stated policies, goals,
 or other public positions.
 Refer to our Political Activities disclosure available on the Bank of
 America Investor Relations website (investor.bankofamerica.com ).
 Additional information about Bank of America’s public policy activities
 and related entities are listed in our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of
 America document (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ).
 IBC
 Description of whistleblower policies and procedures
 Refer to our Code of Conduct on our Bank of America Investor
 Relations website (investor.bankofamerica.com ) for policies and
 procedures related to reporting ethical misconduct.
 SASB: FN-CB-510A.2, FN-IB-510A.2, FN-AC-510A.2
 Customer treatment
 Transparent Information & Fair Advice for Customers: Description
 of approach to informing customers about products and
 services
 Refer to the What we Offer page within the Our company section
 of our website for the Corporation’s approach to serving its clients.
 Further, refer to the Responsible Growth section of our website for
 information about how Bank of America is a simpler, more efficient
 company that combines two crucial areas: growing the economy
 while creating tangible value for our business, our clients and the
 communities we serve.
 SASB: FN-AC-270a.3
 Refer to our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/TCFD) for our Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
 emissions and other environmental performance data and targets; and 
 this Annual Report to Shareholders for details on our $1.5 trillion 
 Sustainable Finance goal. Since 2020, we’ve exceeded our aspirational 
 goal of committing $1.25 billion to advance economic opportunity, 
 focusing on jobs, affordable housing, small business success and health. 
 As of year-end 2024, we’ve also reached 89% of our $15 billion 
 Community Homeownership Commitment. Since 2019, we’ve helped 
 more than 50,000 individuals and families with more than $13.3 billion 
 in affordable home lending and provided nearly $530 million in down 
 payment and closing cost grants. Since 2013 we have issued 
 $14.9 billion equivalent across green, social and sustainability bonds 
 which focus on areas such as clean energy, energy efficiency, affordable 
 housing and economic opportunity. More information on our bond 
 activity can be found at investor.bankofamerica.com. And, in 2024 
 we provided more than $31 billion in sustainability-themed bond 
 underwriting, globally.

 THEME
 WEF/SASB METRIC
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 *2024 Environmental Data is planned to be published in the second half of 2025.
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 59
58 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 Risk and opportunity 
 oversight 
 Integrating risk and opportunity into business process: Company
 risk factor and opportunity disclosures that clearly identify
 the principal material risks and opportunities facing the
 company specifically (as opposed to generic sector risks), the
 company appetite in respect of these risks, how these risks
 and opportunities have moved over time and the response to
 those changes. These opportunities and risks should integrate
 material economic, environmental, and social issues, including
 climate change and data stewardship.
 Refer to the 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 IBC 
 SASB: FN-CB-230a.1; FN-CB-230a.2; FN-CB-550a.1; FN-CB-550a.2; 
 FN-CF-230a.1; FN-CF-230a.3; FN-IB-550a.1; FN-IB-550a.2; FN-MF-450a.1; 
 FN-MF-450a.2; FN-MF-450a.3 
 Economic, environmental, and social topics in capital allocation 
 framework: How the highest governance body considers 
 economic, environmental, and social issues when overseeing 
 major capital allocation decisions, such as expenditures, 
 acquisitions and divestures. 
 As explained in our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ), our company’s Board of Directors (the
 Board) oversees the development and execution of our strategy. The
 Board engages with management on: product and service offerings;
 economic opportunity; human capital management and efforts to be a
 Great Place to Work; sustainable finance; and climate topics.
 IBC 
 Data security 
 Description of approach to identifying and addressing data 
 security risks 
 Refer to our Information Security and Privacy Policies available on 
 bankofamerica.com/security and bankofamerica.com/privacy , in 
 addition to the Compliance and Operational Risk Management section 
 on page 123 of the 2024 Financial Review for detail on our approach 
 to data security risks. 
 SASB: FN-CB-230a.2; FN-CF-230a.3 
 Systemic risk management 
 Global Systemically Important Bank (G-SIB) score, by category 
 Our G-SIB score is 3.0% as of 4Q 2024 based on the higher of
 Method 1 (1.5%) and Method 2 (3.0%). Refer to page 92 of the 2024
 Financial Review for further detail. Additionally, refer to our Banking
 Organization Systematic Risk Report FR Y-15 filing for further
 information that factors into our calculation.
 SASB: FN-CB-550a.1; FN-IB-550a.1 
 Description of approach to incorporation of results of mandatory 
 and voluntary stress tests into capital adequacy planning, long 
 term corporate strategy, and other business activities 
 We conduct a wide range of various scenario analyses and stress tests
 throughout the year, including the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and
 Review stress tests, as well as resolution and recovery planning. For
 more information, see the Corporation-wide Stress Testing section on
 page 90 and the Capital Management section on page 91 of the 2024
 Financial Review.
 SASB: FN-CB-550a.2; FN-IB-550a.2 
 Stakeholder 
 engagement 
 Material issues impacting stakeholders: A list of the topics that 
 are material to key stakeholders and the company, how the 
 topics were identified, and how the stakeholders were engaged. 
 Stakeholders are engaged in part through our National Community 
 Advisory Council, a forum of senior leaders from civil rights, consumer 
 advocacy, community development, environmental and research 
 organizations who provide external perspectives, guidance and 
 feedback on our business policies and practices. 
 IBC 
 Incorporation of 
 environmental, social and 
 governance factors in credit 
 analysis 
 (1) Number and (2) total value of investments and loans 
 incorporating integration of environmental, social, and 
 governance (ESG) factors, by industry 
 Refer to our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ) for more information on our 
 investment in the environmental transition and social inclusive 
 development. 
 SASB: FN-IB-410a.2 
 Description of approach to incorporation of environmental, 
 social, and governance (ESG) factors in credit analysis, in 
 investment banking and brokerage activities and in wealth 
 management processes and strategies 
 Refer to the Bank of America Corporation Environmental and Social 
 Risk Policy Framework at www.bankofamerica.com/ESRPF for 
 information on our approach to incorporating these factors into our 
 risk management activities. 
 SASB: FN-CB-410a.2; FN-IB-410a.3; FN-AC-410a.2 
 Amount of assets under management, by asset class, that 
 employ (1) integration of environmental, social, and governance 
 (ESG) issues, (2) sustainability themed investing, and (3) 
 screening 
 As of December 31, 2024, Bank of America had approximately 
 $58.3 billion of client balances in Sustainable & Impact Investments. 
 SASB: FN-AC-410a.1 
 Customer privacy 
 Number of account holders whose information is used for 
 secondary purposes 
 Bank of America is committed to collecting, using and sharing personal 
 information responsibly. Refer to www.bankofamerica.com/privacy 
 for information on how we process personal information and choices 
 customers have to control the use and sharing of their personal 
 information. 
 SASB: FN-CF-220a.1 
 Planet *
 THEME 
 WEF/SASB METRIC 
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT 
 Climate change 
 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions: For all relevant greenhouse
 gases (e.g. carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, F-gases
 etc.), report in metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent
 (tCO2e) GHG Protocol Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
 Estimate and report material upstream and downstream (GHG
 Protocol Scope 3) emissions where appropriate.
 Bank of America’s 2023 GHG emissions (tCO2e) and methodology 
 explanation are disclosed in our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of 
 America document (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 IBC 
 TCFD implementation: Fully implement the recommendations
 of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
 (TCFD). If necessary, disclose a timeline of at most three years
 for full implementation. Disclose whether you have set, or have
 committed to set GHG emissions targets that are in line with
 the goals of the Paris Agreement – to limit global warming to
 well-below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts
 to limit warming to 1.5°C – and to achieve net-zero emissions
 before 2050.
 Financed emissions: Absolute gross financed emissions
 disaggregated by Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3; Total amount
 of assets under management (AUM) included in the financed
 emissions disclosure; Gross exposure for each industry by asset
 class; Percentage of gross exposure included in the financed
 emissions calculation; Description of the methodology used to
 calculate financed emissions.
 In September 2024, the Company released its Sustainability at Bank of 
 America document (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ), which is aligned
 to the International Sustainability Standards Board framework. The
 ISSB framework incorporates the recommendations of the Task Force
 on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, which has disbanded and
 under which Bank of America reported in 2020, 2022 and 2023. This
 document provides financed emissions baseline data and methodology
 for applicable industry sectors (Metrics & Targets section).
 IBC 
 SASB: FN-AC-410b.1; FN-CB-410b.1; FN-AC-410b.2, FN-CB-410b.2; 
 FN-AC-410b.3, FN-CB-410b.3; FN-AC-410b.4; FN-CB-410b.4 
 Paris-aligned GHG emissions targets: Define and report progress
 against time-bound science-based GHG emissions targets
 that are in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement – to
 limit global warming to well-below 2°C above pre-industrial
 levels and pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C. This should
 include defining a date before 2050 by which you will achieve
 net-zero greenhouse gas emissions and interim reduction
 targets based on the methodologies provided by the Science
 Based Targets initiative if applicable.
 Bank of America has a goal to achieve net zero emissions across
 its financing activity, operations and supply chain before 2050. We
 published our baseline and latest available emissions data for certain
 industry sectors in our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America
 document (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 IBC 
 Impact of greenhouse gas emissions:* Report wherever material
 along the value chain (GHG protocol scopes 1,2&3), the valued
 societal impact of greenhouse gas emissions. Disclose the
 estimate of the social/societal cost of carbon used and the
 source or basis for this estimate.
 Refer to our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 ( www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ) .
 IBC 
 Fresh water 
 availability 
 Water consumption and withdrawal in water-stressed areas: Report
 for operations where material, mega litres of water withdrawn,
 mega litres of water consumed and the percentage of each
 in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress
 according to WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas tool. Estimate and
 report the same information for the full value chain (upstream
 and downstream) where appropriate.
 Refer to our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 IBC 
 Nature loss 
 Land use and ecological sensitivity: Report the number and area 
 (in hectares) of sites owned, leased or managed in or adjacent 
 to protected areas and/or key biodiversity areas (KBA). 
 Refer to our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 IBC 
 Air pollution 
 Air pollution: Report wherever material along the value chain: 
 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulphur oxides (SOx), particulate matter 
 and other significant air emissions. Wherever possible, estimate 
 the proportion of specified emissions that occur in or adjacent 
 to urban/densely populated areas. 
 Refer to our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 IBC 
 Impact of air pollution: Report wherever material along the value
 chain, the valued impact of air pollution, including nitrogen
 oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), particulate matter and other
 significant air emissions.
 Refer to our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 IBC 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 THEME
 WEF/SASB METRIC
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 THEME
 WEF/SASB METRIC
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 61
60 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 Environmental risk to 
 mortgaged properties *
 (1) Number and (2) value of mortgage loans in 100-year flood 
 zones. 
 As of December 31, 2024, the Corporation had 39,400 loans with a 
 book value of $16.6 billion in 100-year flood zones according to the 
 FEMA definition. 
 SASB: FN-MF-450a.1 
 (1) Total expected loss and (2) Loss Given Default (LGD) 
 attributable to mortgage loan default and delinquency due to 
 weather related natural catastrophes, by geographic region. 
 The Corporation has monitored natural disasters in the last few years 
 and given our robust insurance requirements, client selection process 
 and portfolio asset quality (borrower’s equity), we have experienced 
 no significant losses. However, there is no assurance that this may 
 not change based on the severity and location of weather-related 
 natural catastrophes. Refer to the Climate Risk Management 
 subsection on page 125 of the 2024 Financial Review for further 
 details. See our 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document 
 (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd) for details on scenario analysis and 
 stress testing.
 SASB: FN-MF-450a.2
 Description of how climate change and other environmental 
 risks are incorporated into mortgage origination and 
 underwriting. 
 Recognizing that certain sectors are more sensitive to climate-related 
 and environmental risks, we undertake enhanced due diligence to 
 analyze lending activities in these sectors to evaluate the associated 
 credit risks. Evaluation of environmental matters may include land 
 and water use impacts, a remediation/reclamation track record 
 (if applicable), climate risk reporting, community and stakeholder 
 engagement and overall transparency. For acute physical risk, which 
 are event-driven extreme weather events such as wildfires, cyclones, 
 hurricanes, or floods, the Corporation follows Federal flood insurance 
 regulations and the industry’s mortgage hazard insurance (including 
 fire/wind coverage) during underwriting. Flood insurance requirements 
 are based on flood zones determined by FEMA. Insurance coverage 
 amounts require replacement value of property with policy parameters 
 following industry standards for minimum/maximum.
 SASB: FN-MF-450a.3 
 Prosperity 
 THEME 
 WEF/SASB METRIC 
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT 
 Employment and wealth 
 generation 
 Absolute number and rate of employment: 
 1. Total number and rate of new employee hires during the 
 reporting period, by age group, gender, other indicators of 
 diversity and region. 
 2. Total number and rate of employee turnover during the 
 reporting period, by age group, gender, other indicators of 
 diversity and region. 
 See below for details. 
 IBC 
 SASB.FN-IB-550b.1; SASB.FN-IB-550b.2; SASB.FN-IB-550b.3 
 External 
 Hiring
 Turnover 
 Women 
 51% 
 7% 
 Men 
 49% 
 8% 
 White 
 35% 
 8% 
 Black / African American 
 21% 
 8% 
 Hispanic / Latino 
 27% 
 9% 
 Asian 
 13% 
 6% 
 American Indian / Alaska Native 
 0.5% 
 8% 
 Native Hawaiian / Other Pacific Islander 
 0.2% 
 7% 
 Two or more 
 4% 
 11% 
 United States 
 81% 
 8% 
 Asia Pacific 
 15% 
 6% 
 Europe, Middle East & Africa 
 4% 
 6% 
 Latin America 
 0.4% 
 6% 
 Canada 
 0.2% 
 7% 
 Economic Contribution: 
 1. Direct economic value generated and distributed 
 (EVG&D) — on an accrual basis, covering the basic components 
 for the organization’s global operations, ideally split out by: 
 a. Revenue 
 b. Operating Costs 
 c. Employee wages and benefits 
 d. Payments to providers of capital 
 e. Payments to government 
 f. Community Investment 
 2. Financial assistance received from the government — Total 
 monetary value of financial assistance received by the 
 organization from any government during the reporting period. 
 1a.–d. Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 beginning on page 137 of the 2024 Financial Review section. 
 1e. Refer to Total Tax Paid metric below. 
 1f. 2024 Total philanthropic giving was more than $290 million. 
 2. No financial assistance received from the government; the
 Corporation does not consider income tax credits to be applicable.
 See the Corporation’s response for the Total Tax Paid metric below for
 more information.
 IBC 
 Wealth creation and 
 employment 
 Financial investment contribution disclosure: 
 1. Total capital expenditures (CapEx) minus depreciation 
 supported by narrative to describe the company’s investment 
 strategy. 
 2. Share buybacks plus dividend payments supported by 
 narrative to describe the company’s strategy for returns of 
 capital to shareholders. 
 1. Bank of America’s current investment strategy heavily prioritizes
 its technology and real estate infrastructure. The Corporation invests
 annually to improve operational efficiencies for the Corporation and
 innovate for our customers. As part of driving operational efficiencies,
 we continue to invest in projects to achieve Leadership in Energy
 and Environmental Design (LEED) and other certifications in our real
 estate footprint, deploy renewable energy projects, and transition to
 an electric vehicle fleet.
 2. For more information outlining our return of capital to shareholders, 
 see Note 13, Shareholders’ Equity on page 183 of the 2024 Financial 
 Review section. 
 IBC 
 Community and 
 social vitality 
 Total tax paid: The total global tax borne by the company,
 including corporate income taxes, property taxes, non-
 creditable VAT and other sales taxes, employer-paid payroll
 taxes and other taxes that constitute costs to the company, by
 category of taxes.
 The table set forth below reflects the approximate amount of each
 category of tax paid by the Corporation globally. U.S. income tax
 law provides investors in affordable housing projects, renewable
 energy projects and other activities that further societal goals with
 credits that can reduce income taxes otherwise owed. The amount
 shown in the table for Corporate Income Taxes paid would have been
 approximately $3 billion higher were it not for these credits, reflecting
 our support of these projects and activities.
 IBC 
 Global Tax Paid in 2024 ($ in billions) 
 Corporate Income Taxes 
 3.8 
 Property Taxes 
 0.1 
 Non-creditable VAT and Other Sales Taxes 
 0.5 
 Employer-paid Payroll Taxes 
 2.0 
 Other Taxes 
 0.9 
 Total 
 7.3 
 Innovation in better 
 products and services 
 Total R&D expenses ($): Total costs related to research and 
 development. 
 Innovation is key to prosperity and total costs relating to
 R&D can be regarded as a basic indication of a company’s
 efforts to innovate new products and services and be fit for
 the future. This can also provide insights into the capacity
 of the company to create new offerings, generate social or
 environmental benefits and more detailed specific disclosure
 could demonstrate progress against the SDGs.
 Given the nature of the corporation’s work and our mission to deliver
 Responsible Growth to our stakeholders, Bank of America heavily
 invests in software development through R&D. We do this in the spirit
 of innovation, operational excellence, product improvement, security,
 and regulatory compliance.
 While R&D expenses are indicative of a company’s investment in
 innovation and producing better products and services for their clients,
 it is not the only way to measure a company’s efforts to be fit for the
 future. We continue to mobilize financing toward our $1.5 trillion
 Sustainable Finance goal to advance the environmental transition
 and social development. Refer to this Annual Report and
 www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd for more information. 
 IBC 
 Financial inclusion 
 (1) Number and (2) amount of loans outstanding that qualify 
 for programmes designed to promote small business and 
 community development 
 (1) Number and (2) amount of past due and nonaccrual loans 
 or loans subject to forbearance that qualify for programmes 
 designed to promote small business and community 
 development 
 We extended nearly $7.4 billion in low- and moderate-income (LMI)
 loans to small businesses in 2024. Refer to this Annual Report to
 Shareholders and the GRI Index of our 2024 Sustainability at Bank
 of America document for more information on small business and
 community support (www.bankofamerica.com/tcfd ). 
 SASB: FN-CB-240a.1; FN-CB-240a.2 
 Number of no-cost retail checking accounts provided to 
 previously unbanked or underbanked customers 
 As of year-end 2024, we had more than 7.4 million Bank of America
 Advantage SafeBalance Banking® accounts. SafeBalance® offers
 simple banking with an easy-to-use experience and access to our
 award-winning digital banking capabilities to help customers manage
 their financial lives. SafeBalance® helps prevent overspending and is a
 great start for students and young adults — no monthly maintenance
 fee if under age 25 or maintain a minimum daily balance of $500 in
 the account. SafeBalance® is certified as meeting Bank On National
 Account Standards for safe and affordable bank accounts.
 SASB: FN-CB-240a.3 
 Number of participants in financial literacy initiatives for 
 unbanked, underbanked, or underserved customers 
 We provide financial education to everyone, customer or not, through
 the Better Money Habits® financial education platform. Better Money
 Habits is a resource that helps individuals and families build know-how
 on topics ranging from budgeting and saving to home ownership
 and retirement — designed for the way people want to learn today.
 In 2024, this platform was accessed approximately 5.8 million times
 and visits to our Spanish site Mejores Hábitos Financieros were
 up 36% year-over-year. Additionally, consumers clicked to make an
 appointment with a financial center specialist more than 24,000 times.
 SASB: FN-CB-240a.4 

 
 
 
 
 e 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 THEME
 WEF/SASB METRIC
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 63
62 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 People 
 THEME 
 WEF/SASB METRIC 
 RESPONSE/FRAMEWORK ALIGNMENT 
 Dignity and equality 
 Diversity and inclusion (%): Percentage of employees per 
 employee category, per age group, gender and other indicators 
 of diversity (e.g. ethnicity). 
 Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation 
 for (1) executive management, (2) non-executiv management, 
 (3) professionals, and (4) all other employees 
 Refer to the Human Capital Management section of this Annual Report. 
 IBC 
 SASB: FN-IB-330A.1, FN-AC-330A.1 
 Pay equality: Ratio of the basic salary and remuneration for each
 employee category by significant locations of operation for
 priority areas of equality: women to men; minor to major ethnic
 groups; and other relevant equality areas.
 SASB: Percentage of total remuneration that is variable
 for Material Risk Takers (MRTs); Percentage of variable
 remuneration of Material Risk Takers (MRTs) to which malus or
 clawback provisions were applied; Discussion of policies around
 supervision, control, and validation of traders’ pricing of Level 3
 assets and liabilities
 Refer to the Being a great place to work Section in our 2025 Proxy 
 Statement available on the Bank of America Investor Relations website 
 (investor.bankofamerica.com ). 
 We conduct rigorous analysis with outside experts to examine
 individual employee pay before year-end compensation decisions are
 finalized adjusting compensation where appropriate. The results of our
 equal pay for equal work review are disclosed in the Proxy Statement.
 SASB answers: Variable incentive remuneration awards (both annual
 and deferred) are subject to distinct features that can result in the
 awards being cancelled or prior payments being clawed back in the
 event of certain detrimental conduct or financial losses. We believe
 these features encourage appropriate behavior and manage risk in
 our compensation program. For individual Material Risk Takers in
 the Investment Bank & Brokerage sector, 100% of deferred variable
 compensation is subject to clawback. For compensation related to
 2024, approximately 79% of total remuneration was variable, of which
 71% was deferred and therefore subject to clawback.
 Refer to the Complex Accounting Estimates section on page 125 and 
 Notes 1 and 20 of the 2024 Financial Review on pages 127 and 194. 
 IBC 
 SASB: FN-IB-550b.1; FN-IB-550b.2; FN-IB-550b.3 
 Wage level (%): 
 1. Ratios of standard entry-level wage by gender compared to 
 local minimum wage 
 2. Ratio of CEO’s total annual compensation to median total 
 annual compensation of all employees (excluding the CEO) 
 1. We continue to be a leader in establishing a minimum rate of 
 U.S. pay and have made consistent progress toward increasing our 
 minimum hourly wage for U.S. employees to $25 by 2025. 
 We compare our average U.S. hourly pay and benefits to living wage
 standards utilizing Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Living
 Wage Calculator. The Living Wage calculator is a market based
 approach that measures the basic needs of a family including items
 such as food, childcare, health insurance and housing costs. We are
 above the living wage for a family in all of our U.S. markets when we
 consider our average hourly pay plus benefits in alignment with the
 living wage definition.
 2. Refer to the section entitled “CEO pay ratio” in our 2025 Proxy 
 Statement on the Bank of America Investor Relations website 
 (investor.bankofamerica.com ). 
 IBC 
 Risk for incidents of child, forced or compulsory labor: An
 explanation of the operations and suppliers considered to have
 significant risk for incidents of child labor, forced or compulsory
 labor. Such risks could emerge in relation to type of operation
 (such as manufacturing plant) and type of supplier; or countries
 or geographic areas with operations and suppliers considered
 at risk.
 Refer to our Modern Slavery Act Statement, available at www. 
 bankofamerica.com/ModernSlaveryAct , which is updated annually. 
 IBC 
 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining at Risk (%): 
 1. Percentage of active workforce covered under collective 
 bargaining agreements 
 2. An explanation of the assessment performed on suppliers
 for which the right to freedom of association and collective
 bargaining is at risk including measures taken by the
 organization to address these risks.
 1. No U.S.-based employees are subject to collective bargaining 
 agreements. 
 2. We do not currently conduct this assessment. 
 IBC 
 Human rights 
 Human rights review, grievance impact & modern slavery: 
 1. Total number and percentage of operations that have been 
 subject to human rights reviews or human rights impact 
 assessments, by country. 
 2. Number and type of grievances reported with associated 
 impacts related to a salient human rights issue in the reporting 
 period and an explanation on type of impacts. 
 3. Number and percentage of operations and suppliers 
 considered to have significant risk for incidents of child labor, 
 forced or compulsory labor. Such risks could emerge in relation 
 to: 
 a) type of operation (such as manufacturing plant) and type of 
 supplier; and 
 b) countries or geographic areas with operations and suppliers 
 considered at risk. 
 3. 276, or 7% of our suppliers are in industries which are considered
 to have risk for incidents of child labor, forced or compulsory 
 labor. For more information on how we address suppliers in these 
 industries, refer to our Modern Slavery Act Statement available at
 www.bankofamerica.com/ModernSlaveryAct . Our Human Rights 
 statement and Supplier Code of Conduct also outline our position on 
 human rights. 
 IBC 
 Health and well being 
 Health and Safety (%): 
 1. The number and rate of fatalities as a result of work-related
 injury; high-consequence work-related injuries (excluding
 fatalities); recordable work-related injuries, main types of work-
 related injury; and the number of hours worked. 
 2. An explanation of how the organization facilitates workers’ 
 access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services 
 and the scope of access provided for employees and workers. 
 1. This metric is not significant for the banking industry. 
 2. Our Global Corporate Security and Executive Protection team
 supports workplace safety, health and security in a variety of ways
 including bank-managed security and threat mitigation programs,
 review and investigation of reported workplace injuries and illnesses,
 close partnerships with law enforcement agencies, and robust employee
 safety and health programs and training campaigns — all designed to
 comply with the national, regional and local regulations and the duty of
 care obligations that are in place to provide a safe, healthy and secure
 work environment. Refer to the Human Capital section of this Annual
 Report to shareholders for more on employee health and wellness
 benefits.
 IBC 
 Skills for the future 
 Training provided (#, $): 
 1. Average hours of training per person that the organization’s
 employees have undertaken during the reporting period, by
 gender and employee category (total number of trainings
 provided to employees divided by the number of employees).
 2. Average training and development expenditure per full time 
 employee. 
 1. See below 
 2. Cost of training = $1,944 per person, per year 
 Average Training Hours 
 Per person 
 36 
 Women 
 37 
 Men 
 34 
 White 
 30 
 Black / African American 
 45 
 Hispanic / Latino 
 51 
 Asian 
 32 
 American Indian / Alaska Native 
 44 
 Native Hawaiian / Other Pacific Islander 
 39 
 Two or more races 
 46 
 Number of unfilled “Skilled” positions (#, %): 
 1. Number of Unfilled “Skilled” positions (#). 
 2. Percentage of Unfilled “Skilled” positions for which the 
 company will hire unskilled candidates and train them (%). 
 As part of our commitment to being a Great Place to Work, Bank of
 America partners with nonprofit organizations to recruit talent and
 drive economic mobility. At Bank of America, hiring teammates with a
 range of education and experience, including those who do not have a
 four-year degree, is one way we continue to provide opportunity and
 strengthen our company. And, we provide educational trainings and
 resources to help prepare teammates with the skills and knowledge
 for working in financial services. The Academy, our award-winning
 onboarding, education and professional development organization, is
 dedicated to the career success of all employees, offering programs
 that help teammates hit the ground running in a new role and
 upskilling to help them take their career to the next level.
 IBC 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 65
64 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 SASB Activity Metrics/Other
 Reference
 Response
 FN-CB-000.B,
 FN-IB-000.A,
 FN-MF-000.A
 Refer to Note 5, Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses, on page 157 of the 2024 Financial Review.
 FN-IB-000.C,
 FN-AC-000.A
 FN-AC-000.B
 Refer to the Global Markets disclosure on pages 85–86 and additional information on page 82 for this market making transaction data
 (fixed income, equity, currency, derivatives, and commodity 
 .
products)
 FN-CB-000.A
 FN-CB-000.B
 For more on consumer and small business deposits, refer to the Business Segment Operations section of the 2024 Financial Review. Our
 Consumer Banking segment deposit information includes Small Business.
 FN-IB-510b.3;
 FN-AC-270a.2;
 FN-CF-220a.2,
 FN-MF-270a.3,
 FN-CF-270a.5,
 FN-MF-270b.2
 For disclosure of certain legal proceedings, see Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies on page 178 of the 2024 Financial Review.
 FN-IB-000.A
 (1) Number and (2) value of (a) underwriting, (b) advisory, and (c)
 securitization transactions
 Refer to the Global Investment Banking section on page 84 of the
 2024 Financial Review for certain disclosure of our Investment
 Banking activity and Note 6 on page 169 of the 2024 Financial
 Review for certain disclosure of our securitization.
 FN-IB-000.C
 (1) Number and (2) value of market making transactions in (a)
 fixed income, (b) equity, (c) currency, (d) derivatives, and (e)
 commodity products
 Refer to the Global Markets disclosure on pages 85–86 of the 2024
 Financial Review for disclosure of the financial results associated
 with the Corporation’s market making transactions.
 FN-AC-000.A
 (1) Total registered and (2) total unregistered assets under
 management (AUM)
 Refer to the Corporation’s Global Wealth & Investment Management
 Key Indicators and Metrics on page 82 of the 2024 Financial Review
 for our total Assets Under Management. Additionally, refer to the
 Client Balances subsection for further detail on the Corporation’s
 client balances under management.
 FN-AC-000.B
 Total assets under custody and supervision
 Refer to the Corporation’s Global Wealth & Investment Management
 Key Indicators and Metrics on page 82 of the 2024 Financial Review
 for our total Assets Under Management. Additionally, refer to the
 Client Balances subsection for further detail on the Corporation’s
 client balances under management.
This page intentionally left blank.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 67
66 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 Cautionary Information and 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report contains certain statements regarding Responsible
 Growth and statements related to sustainability, including the
 environment, the communities served by Bank of America
 Corporation (Company) and human capital (collectively, the
 Sustainability Information). Any inclusion of Sustainability
 Information in this report, whether in the Stakeholder Capitalism
 Metrics section or otherwise, is not an indication that the subject
 or information is material to the Company for U.S. Securities
 and Exchange Commission (SEC) reporting purposes or any
 other purposes. Such Sustainability Information may be based on
 current or historic opinions, strategies, aspirations, commitments,
 goals, targets and objectives which continue to evolve and
 develop, and there is no promise or guarantee that such
 aspirations, commitments, goals, targets and objectives will be
 met. The Sustainability Information is as of the date of this report
 and subject to change without notice.
 Additionally, certain statements contained in this report may 
 constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning 
 of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 
 including statements about the Company’s business and the 
 Sustainability Information regarding its strategies, aspirations, 
 commitments, goals, targets and objectives, such as its goal to 
 achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions before 2050 in its 
 financing activities, operations and supply chain and sustainable 
 finance goal, which may evolve over time. The Company uses 
 words such as “anticipates,” “targets,” “expects,” “hopes,” 
 “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and 
 other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such 
 as “will,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “would” and “could” to identify 
 forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are 
 not based on historical facts, but reflect management’s current 
 expectations, plans or forecasts, are not guarantees of future 
 results or performance, involve certain known and unknown risks, 
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and 
 often beyond the Company’s control and are inherently uncertain. 
 You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking 
 statement. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially 
 from those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward 
 looking statements due to a variety of factors, including 
 global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, 
 technological innovations and advances, climate-related 
 conditions and weather events, legislative and regulatory 
 changes, public policies, engagement with clients, suppliers, 
 investors, government officials and other stakeholders, the quality 
 and availability of third-party data, including data measured, 
 tracked and provided by data providers, the Company’s clients 
 and other stakeholders, the Company’s ability to gather and 
 verify data, the Company’s ability to successfully implement 
 sustainability-related initiatives under expected time frames, 
 third-party compliance with the Company’s expectations, policies 
 and procedures and other unforeseen events or conditions. 
 Discussion of additional factors, including uncertainties and 
 risks, can be found in the Company’s 2024 Annual Report 
 on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. Forward-looking 
 statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the 
 Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
 statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that 
 arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made. 
 Website references in this report are provided for convenience 
 only and the content of such websites is not incorporated by 
 reference into this report. 
 2024 Financial Review 

 Bank of America 2024
 69
Bank of America 2024
68
 Page
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Financial Review 
 Table of Contents 
 Executive Summary 
 70 
 Recent Developments 
 70 
 Financial Highlights 
 70 
 Balance Sheet Overview 
 72 
 Supplemental Financial Data 
 73 
 Business Segment Operations 
 78 
 Consumer Banking 
 79 
 Global Wealth & Investment Management 
 81 
 Global Banking 
 83 
 Global Markets 
 85 
 All Other 
 87 
 Managing Risk 
 88 
 Strategic Risk Management 
 91 
 Capital Management 
 91 
 Liquidity Risk 
 96 
 Credit Risk Management 
 101 
 Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
 102 
 Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
 106 
 Non-U.S. Portfolio 
 112 
 Loan and Lease Contractual Maturities 
 114 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 115 
 Market Risk Management 
 117 
 Trading Risk Management 
 118 
 Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book 
 121 
 Mortgage Banking Risk Management 
 123 
 Compliance and Operational Risk Management 
 123 
 Reputational Risk Management 
 125 
 Climate Risk Management 
 125 
 Complex Accounting Estimates 
 125 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 128 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Bank of America Corporation (the Corporation) and its 
 management may make certain statements that constitute 
 “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private 
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can 
 be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to 
 historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use 
 words such as “anticipates,” “targets,” “expects,” “hopes,” 
 “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and 
 other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as 
 “will,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “would” and “could.” Forward 
 looking 
 statements 
 represent 
 the 
 Corporation’s 
 current 
 expectations, plans or forecasts of its future results, revenues, 
 liquidity, net interest income, provision for credit losses, 
 expenses, efficiency ratio, capital measures, strategy, deposits, 
 assets, and future business and economic conditions more 
 generally, and other future matters. These statements are not 
 guarantees of future results or performance and involve certain 
 known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that 
 are difficult to predict and are often beyond the Corporation’s 
 control. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from 
 those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking 
 statements. 
 You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking 
 statement and should consider the following uncertainties and 
 risks, as well as the risks and uncertainties more fully discussed 
 under Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 
 10-K and in any of the Corporation’s subsequent Securities and 
 Exchange 
 Commission filings: 
 the 
 Corporation’s 
 potential 
 judgments, orders, settlements, penalties, fines and reputational 
 damage, which are inherently difficult to predict, resulting from 
 pending, 
 threatened 
 or future 
 litigation 
 and 
 regulatory 
 investigations, proceedings and enforcement actions, which the 
 Corporation is subject to in the ordinary course of business, 
 including matters related to our processing of unemployment 
 benefits for California and certain other states, the features of 
 our automatic credit card payment service, the adequacy of the 
 Corporation’s anti-money laundering and economic sanctions 
 programs and the processing of electronic payments, including 
 through the Zelle network, and related fraud, which are in various 
 stages; the possibility that the Corporation’s future liabilities may 
 be in excess of its recorded liability and estimated range of 
 possible loss for litigation, and regulatory and government 
 actions; the Corporation’s ability to resolve representations and 
 warranties repurchase and related claims; the risks related to the 
 discontinuation of reference rates, including increased expenses 
 and litigation and the effectiveness of hedging strategies; 
 uncertainties about the financial stability and growth rates of non 
 U.S. jurisdictions, the risk that those jurisdictions may face 
 difficulties servicing their sovereign debt, and related stresses on 
 financial markets, currencies and trade, and the Corporation’s 
 exposures to such risks, including direct, indirect and operational; 
 the impact of U.S. and global interest rates (including the 
 potential for ongoing adjustments in interest rates), inflation, 
 currency exchange rates, economic conditions, trade policies and 
 tensions, including increased tariffs, and geopolitical instability; 
 the impact of the interest rate, inflationary, macroeconomic, 
 banking and regulatory environment on the Corporation’s assets, 
 business, financial condition and results of operations; the impact 
 of adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking 
 industry, including bank failures and liquidity concerns, resulting 
 in worsening economic and market volatility, and regulatory 
 responses thereto; the possibility that future credit losses may be 
 higher than currently expected due to changes in economic 
 assumptions, customer behavior, adverse developments with 
 respect to U.S. or global economic conditions and other 
 uncertainties, including the impact of supply chain disruptions, 
 inflationary pressures and labor shortages on economic 
 conditions and our business; potential losses related to the 
 Corporation's concentration of credit risk; the Corporation’s ability 
 to achieve its expense targets and expectations regarding 
 revenue, net interest income, provision for credit losses, net 
 charge-offs, effective tax rate, loan growth or other projections; 
 variances to the underlying assumptions and judgments used in 
 estimating banking book net interest income sensitivity; adverse 
 changes to the Corporation’s credit ratings from the major credit 
 rating agencies; an inability to access capital markets or maintain 
 deposits or borrowing costs; estimates of the fair value and other 
 accounting values, subject to impairment assessments, of certain 
 of the Corporation’s assets and liabilities; the estimated or actual 
 impact of changes in accounting standards or assumptions in 
 applying those standards; uncertainty regarding the content, 
 timing and impact of regulatory capital and liquidity requirements; 
 the impact of adverse changes to total loss-absorbing capacity 
 requirements, stress capital buffer requirements and/or global 
 systemically important bank surcharges; the potential impact of 
 actions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
 on the Corporation’s capital plans; the effect of changes in or 
 interpretations of income tax laws and regulations; the impact of 
 implementation and compliance with U.S. and international laws, 
 regulations and regulatory interpretations, including recovery and 
 resolution planning requirements, Federal Deposit Insurance 
 Corporation assessments, the Volcker Rule, fiduciary standards, 
 derivatives regulations and potential changes to loss allocations 
 between financial institutions and customers, including for losses 
 incurred from the use of our products and services, including 
 electronic payments and payment of checks, that were authorized 
 by the customer but induced by fraud; the impact of failures or 
 disruptions in or breaches of the Corporation’s operations or 
 information systems, or those of third parties, including as a 
 result of cybersecurity incidents; the risks related to the 
 development, implementation, use and management of emerging 
 technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine 
 learning; the risks related to the transition and physical impacts 
 of climate change; our ability to achieve environmental goals and 
 targets or the impact of any changes in the Corporation’s 
 sustainability strategy, goals or targets; the impact of uncertain or 
 changing political conditions or any future federal government 
 shutdown and uncertainty regarding the federal government’s 
 debt limit or changes in fiscal, monetary or regulatory policy; the 
 emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics; the 
 impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events, military 
 conflicts (including the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the conflicts in 
 the Middle East, the possible expansion of such conflicts and 
 potential 
 geopolitical 
 consequences), 
 terrorism 
 or 
 other 
 geopolitical events; and other matters. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are
 made, and the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update
 any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of
 circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward
 looking statement was made.
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements referred to 
 in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
 Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) are incorporated by 
 reference into the MD&A. Certain prior-year amounts have been 
 reclassified to conform to current-year presentation. Throughout 

 Bank of America 2024
 71
Bank of America 2024
70
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 the MD&A, the Corporation uses certain acronyms and 
 abbreviations which are defined in the Glossary. 
 Executive Summary 
 Business Overview 
 The Corporation is a Delaware corporation, a bank holding 
 company (BHC) and a financial holding company. When used in 
 this report, “Bank of America,” “the Corporation,” “we,” “us” 
 and “our” may refer to Bank of America Corporation individually, 
 Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of 
 Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. Our 
 principal executive offices are located in Charlotte, North 
 Carolina. Through our various bank and nonbank subsidiaries 
 throughout the U.S. and in international markets, we provide a 
 diversified range of banking and nonbank financial services and 
 products through four business segments: Consumer Banking, 
 Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global 
 Banking and Global Markets, with the remaining operations 
 recorded in All Other. We operate our banking activities primarily 
 under the Bank of America, National Association (Bank of 
 America, N.A. or BANA) charter. At December 31, 2024, the 
 Corporation had $3.3 trillion in assets and a headcount of 
 approximately 213,000 employees. 
 As of December 31, 2024, we served clients through 
 operations across the U.S., its territories and more than 35 
 countries. Our retail banking footprint covers all major markets 
 in the U.S., and we serve approximately 69 million consumer 
 and small business clients with approximately 3,700 retail 
 financial centers, approximately 15,000 ATMs, and leading 
 digital 
 banking 
 platforms 
 ( www.bankofamerica.com ) 
 with 
 approximately 48 million active users, including approximately 
 40 million active mobile users. We offer industry-leading support 
 to approximately four million small business households. Our 
 GWIM businesses, with client balances of $4.3 trillion, provide 
 tailored solutions to meet client needs through a full set of 
 investment management, brokerage, banking, trust and 
 retirement products. We are a global leader in corporate and 
 investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset 
 classes serving corporations, governments, institutions and 
 individuals around the world. 
 Recent Developments 
 Natural Disasters 
 Certain Bank of America communities, clients and teammates
 were significantly impacted by recent wildfires in California and
 by hurricanes in the southeastern U.S. during the second half of
 2024. In response, Bank of America activated client assistance
 programs, donated to disaster relief efforts and provided
 additional support to teammates in the affected areas. The
 Corporation continues to evaluate the effects of the wildfires
 and hurricanes on its clients and communities and does not
 expect these natural disasters to have a material impact on its
 businesses, results of operations or financial condition.
 Capital Management 
 On January 29, 2025, the Corporation’s Board of Directors (the 
 Board) declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.26 
 per share, payable on March 28, 2025 to shareholders of 
 record as of March 7, 2025. 
 For more information on our capital resources, see Capital 
 Management beginning on page 91. 
 Financial Highlights 
 Table 1 
 Summary Income Statement and 
 Selected Financial Data 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share information) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Income statement 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 56,060 
 $ 
 56,931 
 Noninterest income 
 45,827 
 41,650 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 101,887 
 98,581 
 Provision for credit losses 
 5,821 
 4,394 
 Noninterest expense 
 66,812 
 65,845 
 Income before income taxes 
 29,254 
 28,342 
 Income tax expense 
 2,122 
 1,827 
 Net income 
 27,132 
 26,515 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 1,629 
 1,649 
 Net income applicable to common 
 shareholders 
 $ 
 25,503 
 $ 
 24,866 
 Per common share information 
 Earnings 
 $ 
 3.25 
 $ 
 3.10 
 Diluted earnings 
 3.21 
 3.08 
 Dividends paid 
 1.00 
 0.92 
 Performance ratios 
 Return on average assets (1) 
 0.83 % 
 0.84 % 
 Return on average common 
 shareholders’ equity (1 )
 9.53 
 9.75 
 Return on average tangible common 
 shareholders’ equity (2) 
 12.92 
 13.46 
 Efficiency ratio (1) 
 65.57 
 66.79 
 Balance sheet at year end 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 1,095,835 
 $ 1,053,732 
 Total assets 
 3,261,519 
 3,180,151 
 Total deposits 
 1,965,467 
 1,923,827 
 Total liabilities 
 2,965,960 
 2,888,505 
 Total common shareholders’ equity 
 272,400 
 263,249 
 Total shareholders’ equity 
 295,559 
 291,646 
 (1 ) For definitions, see Key Metrics on page 213. 
 (2 ) Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity is a non-GAAP financial measure.
 For more information and a corresponding reconciliation to the most directly comparable
 financial measures defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 of America (GAAP), see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 128.
 Net income was $27.1 billion, or $3.21 per diluted share in
 2024 compared to $26.5 billion, or $3.08 per diluted share in
 2023. The increase in net income was due to higher noninterest
 income, partially offset by higher provision for credit losses,
 higher noninterest expense and lower net interest income.
 For discussion and analysis of our consolidated and 
 business segment results of operations for 2023 compared to 
 2022, see Financial Highlights and Business Segment 
 Operations sections in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2023 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income decreased $871 million to $56.1 billion in 
 2024 compared to 2023. Net interest yield on a fully taxable 
 equivalent (FTE) basis decreased 13 basis points (bps) to 1.95 
 percent for 2024. The decreases were primarily driven by higher
 deposit costs, partially offset by higher asset yields and higher
 net interest income related to Global Markets activity. For more
 information on net
 interest
 yield and FTE basis,
 see
 Supplemental Financial Data
 on page 73,
 and for
 more
 information on interest rate risk management, see Interest Rate
 Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 121.
 Noninterest Income 
 Table 2 Noninterest Income 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Fees and commissions: 
 Card income 
 $ 
 6,284 
 $ 
 6,054 
 Service charges 
 6,055 
 5,684 
 Investment and brokerage services 
 17,766 
 15,563 
 Investment banking fees 
 6,186 
 4,708 
 Total fees and commissions 
 36,291 
 32,009 
 Market making and similar activities 
 12,967 
 12,732 
 Other income 
 (3,431) 
 (3,091) 
 Total noninterest income 
 $ 
 45,827 
 $ 
 41,650 
 Noninterest income increased $4.2 billion to $45.8 billion in 
 2024 compared to 2023. The following highlights the significant 
 changes. 
•
 Card income increased $230 million primarily due to higher 
 late fees, annual fees and card transfer fees. 
•
 Service charges increased $371 million primarily due to 
 higher treasury service charges. 
•
 Investment and brokerage services increased $2.2 billion
 primarily driven by higher asset management fees due to
 higher average equity market valuations and positive assets
 under management (AUM) flows, as well as higher brokerage
 fees due to increased transactional volume, partially offset
 by the impact of lower AUM pricing.
•
 Investment banking fees increased $1.5 billion primarily due 
 to higher debt and equity issuance fees and higher advisory 
 fees. 
•
 Market making and similar activities increased $235 million 
 primarily driven by the net $1.6 billion charge resulting from 
 the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index’s (BSBY) 
 cessation announced in 2023, partially offset by lower 
 trading revenue from macro products in Fixed Income, 
 Currencies and Commodities (FICC), and lower income from 
 foreign currency risk management activities. 
•
 Other income decreased $340 million primarily due to higher 
 partnership losses on tax credit investments, a charge 
 related to Visa Inc.’s (Visa) increase in its litigation escrow 
 account, and certain negative valuation adjustments, 
 partially offset by lower losses on sales of available-for-sale 
 debt securities and gains on sales of equity investments. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses increased $1.4 billion to $5.8
 billion for 2024 compared to 2023. The provision for credit
 losses for 2024 was primarily driven by credit card as well as
 small business loan growth, and asset quality deterioration in
 the commercial real estate office and credit card portfolios. For
 the prior year, the provision for credit losses was primarily
 driven by credit card loan growth and asset quality deterioration,
 partially offset by improved macroeconomic conditions that
 primarily
 benefited 
 the 
 commercial 
 portfolio.
 For
 more
 information on the provision for credit losses, see Allowance for
 Credit Losses on page 115.
 Noninterest Expense 
 Table 3 
 Noninterest Expense 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Compensation and benefits 
 $ 
 40,182 
 $ 
 38,330 
 Occupancy and equipment 
 7,289 
 7,164 
 Information processing and communications 
 7,231 
 6,707 
 Product delivery and transaction related 
 3,494 
 3,608 
 Professional fees 
 2,669 
 2,159 
 Marketing 
 1,956 
 1,927 
 Other general operating 
 3,991 
 5,950 
 Total noninterest expense 
 $ 
 66,812 
 $ 
 65,845 
 Noninterest expense increased $967 million to $66.8 billion in
 2024 compared to 2023. The increase was primarily driven by
 higher revenue-related expenses as well as investments in
 people, operations and technology, partially offset by higher
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) expense in 2023,
 including $2.1 billion for the estimated special assessment
 amount arising from the closure of Silicon Valley Bank and
 Signature Bank, and lower expenses related to a liquidating
 business activity.
 Income Tax Expense 
 Table 4 Income Tax Expense 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Income before income taxes 
 $ 
 29,254 
 $ 
 28,342 
 Income tax expense 
 2,122 
 1,827 
 Effective tax rate 
 7.3 % 
 6.4 % 
 The effective tax rates for 2024 and 2023 were primarily driven
 by
 our
 recurring tax
 preference benefits,
 which primarily
 consisted of tax credits from investments in affordable housing
 and renewable energy. Also included in the effective tax rate for
 2023 were tax impacts related to the FDIC special assessment
 and BSBY’s cessation announced in 2023.
 For
 more
 information on our recurring tax preference benefits, see Note
 19 – Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
 Absent the tax credits and discrete tax benefits, the effective
 tax rates would have been approximately 25 percent for both
 periods.

 Bank of America 2024
 73
Bank of America 2024
72
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Balance Sheet Overview 
 Table 5 Selected Balance Sheet Data 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 $ Change 
 % Change 
2024 
 2023 
 Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 $ 
 290,114 
 $ 
 333,073 
 $ 
 (42,959) 
 (13)% 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 274,709 
 280,624 
 (5,915) 
 (2) 
 Trading account assets 
 314,460 
 277,354 
 37,106 
 13 
 Debt securities 
 917,284 
 871,407 
 45,877 
 5 
 Loans and leases 
 1,095,835 
 1,053,732 
 42,103 
 4 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 (13,240) 
 (13,342) 
 102 
 (1) 
 All other assets 
 382,357 
 377,303 
 5,054 
 1 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 3,261,519 
 $ 3,180,151 
 $ 
 81,368 
 3 
 Liabilities 
 Deposits 
 $ 
 1,965,467 
 $ 1,923,827 
 $ 
 41,640 
 2 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 
 331,758 
 283,887 
 47,871 
 17 
 Trading account liabilities 
 92,543 
 95,530 
 (2,987) 
 (3) 
 Short-term borrowings 
 43,391 
 32,098 
 11,293 
 35 
 Long-term debt 
 283,279 
 302,204 
 (18,925) 
 (6) 
 All other liabilities 
 249,522 
 250,959 
 (1,437) 
 (1) 
 Total liabilities 
 2,965,960 
 2,888,505 
 77,455 
 3 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 295,559 
 291,646 
 3,913 
 1 
 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
 $ 
 3,261,519 
 $ 3,180,151 
 $ 
 81,368 
 3 
 Assets 
 At December 31, 2024, total assets were approximately $3.3
 trillion, up $81.4 billion from December 31, 2023. The increase
 in assets was primarily due to higher debt securities, loans and
 leases, and trading account assets, partially offset by lower
 cash and cash equivalents.
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased $43.0 billion primarily 
 driven by reinvestment of cash into debt securities. 
 Federal Funds Sold and Securities Borrowed or Purchased 
 Under Agreements to Resell 
 Federal funds transactions involve lending reserve balances on 
 a short-term basis. Securities borrowed or purchased under 
 agreements to resell are collateralized lending transactions 
 utilized to accommodate customer transactions, earn interest 
 rate spreads and obtain securities for settlement and for 
 collateral. Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or 
 purchased under agreements to resell decreased $5.9 billion 
 primarily due to increased investments in debt securities for 
 balance sheet and liquidity positioning purposes. 
 Trading Account Assets 
 Trading account assets consist primarily of long positions in 
 equity and fixed-income securities including U.S. government 
 and agency securities, corporate securities and non-U.S. 
 sovereign debt. Trading account assets increased $37.1 billion 
 primarily due to client activity within Global Markets. 
 Debt Securities 
 Debt securities primarily include U.S. Treasury and agency 
 securities, mortgage-backed securities (MBS), principally agency 
 MBS, non-U.S. bonds, corporate bonds and municipal debt. We 
 reinvest cash in the debt securities portfolio primarily to manage 
 interest rate and liquidity risk. Debt securities increased $45.9 
 billion primarily due to investment of excess cash from higher 
 deposits. For more information on debt securities, see Note 4 – 
 Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Loans and Leases 
 Loans and leases increased $42.1 billion primarily driven by 
 growth in commercial loans. For more information on the loan 
 portfolio, see Credit Risk Management on page 101. 
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses decreased $102
 million primarily due to a reserve release in our commercial
 portfolio due to a favorable macroeconomic environment and
 reduced exposure in our commercial real estate portfolio. For
 more information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page
 115.
 All Other Assets 
 All other assets increased $5.1 billion primarily driven by activity 
 within Global Markets. 
 Liabilities 
 At December 31, 2024, total liabilities were approximately $3.0 
 trillion, up $77.5 billion from December 31, 2023, primarily due 
 to higher federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold 
 under agreements to repurchase, deposits, and short-term 
 borrowings, partially offset by lower long-term debt. 
 Deposits 
 Deposits increased $41.6 billion primarily driven by growth in 
 commercial client balances and time deposits. 
 Federal Funds Purchased and Securities Loaned or Sold 
 Under Agreements to Repurchase 
 Federal funds transactions involve borrowing reserve balances 
 on a short-term basis. Securities loaned or sold under 
 agreements 
 to 
 repurchase 
 are 
 collateralized 
 borrowing 
 transactions utilized to accommodate customer transactions, 
 earn interest rate spreads and finance assets on the balance 
 sheet. Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold 
 under agreements to repurchase increased $47.9 billion 
 primarily driven by client activity within Global Markets. 
 Trading Account Liabilities 
 Trading account liabilities consist primarily of short positions in 
 equity and fixed-income securities including U.S. Treasury and 
 agency securities, non-U.S. sovereign debt and corporate 
 securities. Trading account liabilities decreased $3.0 billion 
 primarily due to lower levels of short positions within Global 
 Markets. 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 Short-term borrowings provide an additional funding source and 
 primarily consist of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) short-term 
 borrowings, notes payable and various other borrowings that 
 generally have maturities of one year or less. Short-term 
 borrowings increased $11.3 billion primarily due to higher 
 unsecured borrowings to manage liquidity needs. For more 
 information on short-term borrowings, see Note 10 – Securities 
 Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and 
 Restricted Cash to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Long-term Debt 
 Long-term debt decreased $18.9 billion primarily due to 
 maturities and redemptions, partially offset by debt issuances 
 and valuation adjustments. For more information on long-term 
 debt, see Note 11 – Long-term Debt to the Consolidated 
 Financial Statements. 
 Shareholders’ Equity 
 Shareholders’ equity increased $3.9 billion primarily due to net 
 income and market value increases on derivatives, partially 
 offset by returns of capital to shareholders through common 
 stock repurchases and common and preferred stock dividends, 
 as well as preferred stock redemptions. 
 Cash Flows Overview 
 The Corporation’s operating assets and liabilities support our 
 global markets and lending activities. We believe that cash 
 flows from operations, available cash balances and our ability to 
 generate cash through short- and long-term debt are sufficient to 
 fund our operating liquidity needs. Our investing activities 
 primarily include the debt securities portfolio and loans and 
 leases. Our financing activities reflect cash flows primarily 
 related to customer deposits, securities financing agreements, 
 long-term debt and common and preferred stock. 
 Supplemental Financial Data 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In this Form 10-K, we present certain non-GAAP financial 
 measures. Non-GAAP financial measures exclude certain items 
 or otherwise include components that differ from the most 
 directly comparable measures calculated in accordance with 
 GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures are provided as additional 
 useful information to assess our financial condition, results of 
 operations (including period-to-period operating performance) or 
 compliance with prospective regulatory requirements. These 
 non-GAAP financial measures are not intended as a substitute 
 for GAAP financial measures and may not be defined or 
 calculated the same way as non-GAAP financial measures used 
 by other companies. 
 When presented on a consolidated basis, we view net
 interest income on an FTE basis as a non-GAAP financial
 measure. To derive the FTE basis, net interest income is
 adjusted to reflect tax-exempt income on an equivalent before
 tax basis with a corresponding increase in income tax expense.
 For purposes of this calculation, we use the federal statutory tax
 rate of 21 percent and a representative state tax rate. Net
 interest yield, which measures the basis points we earn over the
 cost of funds, utilizes net interest income on an FTE basis. We
 believe that presentation of these items on an FTE basis allows
 for comparison of amounts from both taxable and tax-exempt
 sources and is consistent with industry practices.
 We may present certain key performance indicators and 
 ratios excluding certain items (e.g., debit valuation adjustment 
 (DVA) gains (losses)), which result in non-GAAP financial 
 measures. We believe that the presentation of measures that 
 exclude these items is useful because such measures provide 
 additional information to assess the underlying operational 
 performance and trends of our businesses and to allow better 
 comparison of period-to-period operating performance. 
 We also evaluate our business based on certain ratios that 
 utilize tangible equity, a non-GAAP financial measure. Tangible 
 equity 
 represents 
 shareholders’ 
 equity 
 or 
 common 
 shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill and intangible assets 
 (excluding mortgage servicing rights (MSRs)), net of related 
 deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted” shareholders’ equity or 
 common shareholders’ equity). These measures are used to 
 evaluate our use of equity. In addition, profitability, relationship 
 and investment models use both return on average tangible 
 common shareholders’ equity and return on average tangible 
 shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall 
 growth objectives. These ratios are: 
•
 Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity 
 measures 
 our 
 net 
 income 
 applicable 
 to 
 common 
 shareholders as a percentage of adjusted average common 
 shareholders’ equity. The tangible common equity ratio 
 represents adjusted ending common shareholders’ equity 
 divided by total tangible assets. 
•
 Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures 
 our net income as a percentage of adjusted average total 
 shareholders’ equity. The tangible equity ratio represents 
 adjusted ending shareholders’ equity divided by total 
 tangible assets. 
•
 Tangible book value per common share represents adjusted 
 ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending 
 common shares outstanding. 
 We believe ratios utilizing tangible equity provide additional 
 useful information because they present measures of those 
 assets that can generate income. Tangible book value per 
 common share provides additional useful information about the 
 level of tangible assets in relation to outstanding shares of 
 common stock. 
 The aforementioned supplemental data and performance 
 measures are presented in Tables 6 and 7. 
 For more information on the reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
 financial measures to the corresponding GAAP financial 
 measures, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 128. 

 Bank of America 2024
 75
Bank of America 2024
74
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance 
 indicators (key performance indicators) that management uses 
 when assessing our consolidated and/or segment results. We 
 believe they are useful to investors because they provide 
 additional 
 information 
 about 
 our 
 underlying 
 operational 
 performance and trends. These key performance indicators 
 (KPIs) may not be defined or calculated in the same way as 
 similar KPIs used by other companies. For information on how 
 these metrics are defined, see Key Metrics on page 213. 
 Our consolidated key performance indicators, which include 
 various equity and credit metrics, are presented in Table 1 on 
 page 70, Table 6 on page 74 and Table 7 on page 75. 
 For information on key segment performance metrics, see 
 Business Segment Operations on page 78. 
 Table 6 Selected Annual Financial Data 
 (In millions, except per share information) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Income statement 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 56,060 
 $ 
 56,931 
 $ 
 52,462 
 Noninterest income 
 45,827 
 41,650 
 42,488 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 101,887 
 98,581 
 94,950 
 Provision for credit losses 
 5,821 
 4,394 
 2,543 
 Noninterest expense 
 66,812 
 65,845 
 61,438 
 Income before income taxes 
 29,254 
 28,342 
 30,969 
 Income tax expense 
 2,122 
 1,827 
 3,441 
 Net income 
 27,132 
 26,515 
 27,528 
 Net income applicable to common shareholders 
 25,503 
 24,866 
 26,015 
 Average common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,855.5 
 8,028.6 
 8,113.7 
 Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,935.8 
 8,080.5 
 8,167.5 
 Performance ratios 
 Return on average assets (1) 
 0.83 % 
 0.84 % 
 0.88 % 
 Return on average common shareholders’ equity (1) 
 9.53 
 9.75 
 10.75 
 Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (1 , 2) 
 12.92 
 13.46 
 15.15 
 Return on average shareholders’ equity (1) 
 9.23 
 9.36 
 10.18 
 Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (1 , 2) 
 12.12 
 12.44 
 13.76 
 Total ending equity to total ending assets 
 9.06 
 9.17 
 8.95 
 Common equity ratio (1) 
 8.35 
 8.28 
 8.02 
 Total average equity to total average assets 
 8.95 
 8.99 
 8.62 
 Dividend payout (1) 
 30.67 
 29.65 
 26.77 
 Per common share data 
 Earnings 
 $ 
 3.25 
 $ 
 3.10 
 $ 
 3.21 
 Diluted earnings 
 3.21 
 3.08 
 3.19 
 Dividends paid 
 1.00 
 0.92 
 0.86 
 Book value (1) 
 35.79 
 33.34 
 30.61 
 Tangible book value (2) 
 26.58 
 24.46 
 21.83 
 Market capitalization 
 $ 
 334,497 
 $ 
 265,840 
 $ 
 264,853 
 Average balance sheet 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 1,060,081 
 $ 1,046,256 
 $ 1,016,782 
 Total assets 
 3,284,228 
 3,153,513 
 3,135,894 
 Total deposits 
 1,924,106 
 1,887,541 
 1,986,158 
 Long-term debt 
 246,081 
 248,853 
 246,479 
 Common shareholders’ equity 
 267,527 
 254,956 
 241,981 
 Total shareholders’ equity 
 294,014 
 283,353 
 270,299 
 Asset quality 
 Allowance for credit losses (3) 
 $ 
 14,336 
 $ 
 14,551 
 $ 
 14,222 
 Nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties (4) 
 6,120 
 5,630 
 3,978 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding (4) 
 1.21 % 
 1.27 % 
 1.22 % 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases (4) 
 222 
 243 
 333 
 Net charge-offs 
 $ 
 6,031 
 $ 
 3,799 
 $ 
 2,172 
 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding (4) 
 0.57 % 
 0.36 % 
 0.21 % 
 Capital ratios at year end (5) 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 11.9 % 
 11.8 % 
 11.2 % 
 Tier 1 capital 
 13.2 
 13.5 
 13.0 
 Total capital 
 15.1 
 15.2 
 14.9 
 Tier 1 leverage 
 6.9 
 7.1 
 7.0 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 5.9 
 6.1 
 5.9 
 Tangible equity (2) 
 7.1 
 7.1 
 6.8 
 Tangible common equity (2) 
 6.3 
 6.2 
 5.9 
 (1) For definition, see Key Metrics on page 213. 
 (2) Tangible equity ratios and tangible book value per share of common stock are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information on these ratios and corresponding reconciliations to GAAP
 financial measures, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 73 and Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 128.
 (3) Includes the allowance for loan and leases losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. 
 (4) Balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see Consumer Portfolio
 Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 105 and corresponding Table 27 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management
 – Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 109 and corresponding Table 33. 
 (5) For more information, including which approach is used to assess capital adequacy, see Capital Management on page 91. 
 Table 7 Selected Quarterly Financial Data 
 (In millions, except per share information) 
 2024 Quarters 
 2023 Quarters 
 Fourth 
 Third 
 Second 
 First 
 Fourth 
 Third 
 Second 
 First 
 Income statement 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
14,359 
 $ 
13,967 
 $ 
13,702 
 $ 
14,032 
 $ 
13,946 
 $ 
14,379 
 $ 
14,158 
 $ 
14,448 
 Noninterest income 
 10,988 
 11,378 
 11,675 
 11,786 
 8,013 
 10,788 
 11,039 
 11,810 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 25,347 
 25,345 
 25,377 
 25,818 
 21,959 
 25,167 
 25,197 
 26,258 
 Provision for credit losses 
 1,452 
 1,542 
 1,508 
 1,319 
 1,104 
 1,234 
 1,125 
 931 
 Noninterest expense 
 16,787 
 16,479 
 16,309 
 17,237 
 17,731 
 15,838 
 16,038 
 16,238 
 Income before income taxes 
 7,108 
 7,324 
 7,560 
 7,262 
 3,124 
 8,095 
 8,034 
 9,089 
 Income tax expense 
 443 
 428 
 663 
 588 
 (20) 
 293 
 626 
 928 
 Net income 
 6,665 
 6,896 
 6,897 
 6,674 
 3,144 
 7,802 
 7,408 
 8,161 
 Net income applicable to common shareholders 
 6,399 
 6,380 
 6,582 
 6,142 
 2,838 
 7,270 
 7,102 
 7,656 
 Average common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,738.4 
 7,818.0 
 7,897.9 
 7,968.2 
 7,990.9 
 8,017.1 
 8,040.9 
 8,065.9 
 Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,843.7 
 7,902.1 
 7,960.9 
 8,031.4 
 8,062.5 
 8,075.9 
 8,080.7 
 8,182.3 
 Performance ratios 
 Return on average assets (1) 
 0.80 % 
 0.83 % 
 0.85 % 
 0.83 % 
 0.39 % 
 0.99 % 
 0.94 % 
 1.07 % 
 Four-quarter trailing return on average assets (2) 
 0.83 
 0.72 
 0.76 
 0.78 
 0.84 
 0.98 
 0.96 
 0.92 
 Return on average common shareholders’ equity (1) 
 9.37 
 9.44 
 9.98 
 9.35 
 4.33 
 11.24 
 11.21 
 12.48 
 Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity (3) 
 12.63 
 12.76 
 13.57 
 12.73 
 5.92 
 15.47 
 15.49 
 17.38 
 Return on average shareholders’ equity (1) 
 8.98 
 9.30 
 9.45 
 9.18 
 4.32 
 10.86 
 10.52 
 11.94 
 Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity (3) 
 11.78 
 12.20 
 12.42 
 12.07 
 5.71 
 14.41 
 14.00 
 15.98 
 Total ending equity to total ending assets 
 9.06 
 8.92 
 9.02 
 8.97 
 9.17 
 9.10 
 9.07 
 8.77 
 Common equity ratio (1) 
 8.35 
 8.18 
 8.21 
 8.10 
 8.28 
 8.20 
 8.16 
 7.88 
 Total average equity to total average assets 
 8.89 
 8.95 
 8.96 
 9.01 
 8.98 
 9.11 
 8.89 
 8.95 
 Dividend payout (1) 
 31.29 
 31.70 
 28.66 
 31.11 
 67.42 
 26.39 
 24.88 
 23.17 
 Per common share data 
 Earnings 
 $ 
 0.83 
 $ 
 0.82 
 $ 
 0.83 
 $ 
 0.77 
 $ 
 0.36 
 $ 
 0.91 
 $ 
 0.88 
 $ 
 0.95 
 Diluted earnings 
 0.82 
 0.81 
 0.83 
 0.76 
 0.35 
 0.90 
 0.88 
 0.94 
 Dividends paid 
 0.26 
 0.26 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 0.24 
 0.22 
 0.22 
 Book value (1) 
 35.79 
 35.37 
 34.39 
 33.71 
 33.34 
 32.65 
 32.05 
 31.58 
 Tangible book value (3) 
 26.58 
 26.25 
 25.37 
 24.79 
 24.46 
 23.79 
 23.23 
 22.78 
 Market capitalization 
 $ 334,497 
 $ 305,090 
 $ 309,202 
 $ 298,312 
 $ 265,840 
 $ 216,942 
 $ 228,188 
 $ 228,012 
 Average balance sheet 
 Total loans and leases 
 $1,081,009 
 $1,059,728 
 $1,051,472 
 $1,047,890 
 $1,050,705 
 $1,046,254 
 $1,046,608 
 $1,041,352 
 Total assets 
 3,318,094 
 3,296,171 
 3,274,988 
 3,247,159 
 3,213,159 
 3,128,466 
 3,175,358 
 3,096,058 
 Total deposits 
 1,957,950 
 1,920,748 
 1,909,925 
 1,907,462 
 1,905,011 
 1,876,153 
 1,875,353 
 1,893,649 
 Long-term debt 
 238,988 
 247,338 
 243,689 
 254,782 
 256,262 
 245,819 
 248,480 
 244,759 
 Common shareholders’ equity 
 271,641 
 269,001 
 265,290 
 264,114 
 260,221 
 256,578 
 254,028 
 248,855 
 Total shareholders’ equity 
 295,134 
 294,985 
 293,403 
 292,511 
 288,618 
 284,975 
 282,425 
 277,252 
 Asset quality 
 Allowance for credit losses (4) 
 $ 
14,336 
 $ 
14,351 
 $ 
14,342 
 $ 
14,371 
 $ 
14,551 
 $ 
14,640 
 $ 
14,338 
 $ 
13,951 
 Nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties (5) 
 6,120 
 5,824 
 5,691 
 6,034 
 5,630 
 4,993 
 4,274 
 4,083 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total 
 loans and leases outstanding (5) 
 1.21 % 
 1.24 % 
 1.26 % 
 1.26 % 
 1.27 % 
 1.27 % 
 1.24 % 
 1.20 % 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total 
 nonperforming loans and leases (5) 
 222 
 235 
 242 
 225 
 243 
 275 
 314 
 319 
 Net charge-offs 
 $ 
 1,466 
 $ 
 1,534 
 $ 
 1,533 
 $ 
 1,498 
 $ 
 1,192 
 $ 
 931 
 $ 
 869 
 $ 
 807 
 Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans 
 and leases outstanding (5) 
 0.54 % 
 0.58 % 
 0.59 % 
 0.58 % 
 0.45 % 
 0.35 % 
 0.33 % 
 0.32 % 
 Capital ratios at period end (6) 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 11.9 % 
 11.8 % 
 11.9 % 
 11.9 % 
 11.8 % 
 11.9 % 
 11.6 % 
 11.4 % 
 Tier 1 capital 
 13.2 
 13.2 
 13.5 
 13.6 
 13.5 
 13.6 
 13.3 
 13.1 
 Total capital 
 15.1 
 14.9 
 15.1 
 15.2 
 15.2 
 15.4 
 15.1 
 15.0 
 Tier 1 leverage 
 6.9 
 6.9 
 7.0 
 7.1 
 7.1 
 7.3 
 7.1 
 7.1 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 5.9 
 5.9 
 6.0 
 6.0 
 6.1 
 6.2 
 6.0 
 6.0 
 Tangible equity (3) 
 7.1 
 7.0 
 7.0 
 7.0 
 7.1 
 7.0 
 7.0 
 6.7 
 Tangible common equity (3) 
 6.3 
 6.2 
 6.2 
 6.1 
 6.2 
 6.1 
 6.1 
 5.8 
 Total loss-absorbing capacity and long-term debt metrics 
 Total loss-absorbing capacity to risk-weighted assets 
 27.1 % 
 27.4 % 
 28.2 % 
 28.7 % 
 29.0 % 
 29.3 % 
 28.8 % 
 28.8 % 
 Total loss-absorbing capacity to supplementary leverage 
 exposure 
 12.0 
 12.2 
 12.5 
 12.8 
 13.0 
 13.3 
 13.0 
 13.1 
 Eligible long-term debt to risk-weighted assets 
 13.0 
 13.3 
 13.7 
 14.2 
 14.5 
 14.8 
 14.6 
 14.8 
 Eligible long-term debt to supplementary leverage exposure 
 5.8 
 6.0 
 6.0 
 6.3 
 6.5 
 6.7 
 6.6 
 6.7 
 (1) For definitions, see Key Metrics on page 213. 
 (2) Calculated as total net income for four consecutive quarters divided by annualized average assets for four consecutive quarters. 
 (3) Tangible equity ratios and tangible book value per share of common stock are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information on these ratios and corresponding reconciliations to GAAP
 financial measures, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 73 and Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 128.
 (4) Includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. 
 (5) Balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see Consumer Portfolio 
 Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 106 and corresponding Table 27 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management
 – Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 110 and corresponding Table 33.
 (6) For more information, including which approach is used to assess capital adequacy, see Capital Management on page 91. 

 Bank of America 2024
 77
Bank of America 2024
76
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 8 Average Balances and Interest Rates - FTE Basis 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income/ 
 Expense (1) 
 Yield/ 
 Rate 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income/ 
 Expense (1) 
 Yield/ 
 Rate 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income/ 
 Expense (1) 
 Yield/ 
 Rate 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Earning assets 
 Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non 
 U.S. central banks and other banks 
 $ 
332,897 
 $ 
 16,806 
 5.05 % 
$ 324,389 
 $ 
 15,965 
 4.92 % 
$ 195,564 
 $ 
 2,591 
 1.32 % 
 Time deposits placed and other short-term investments 
 10,105 
 459 
 4.54 
 9,704 
 465 
 4.79 
 9,209 
 132 
 1.44 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased 
 under agreements to resell 
 310,626 
 19,911 
 6.41 
 291,669 
 18,679 
 6.40 
 292,799 
 4,560 
 1.56 
 Trading account assets 
 207,557 
 10,476 
 5.05 
 189,263 
 8,849 
 4.68 
 158,102 
 5,586 
 3.53 
 Debt securities 
 868,709 
 26,107 
 2.99 
 794,192 
 20,332 
 2.55 
 922,730 
 17,207 
 1.86 
 Loans and leases (2) 
 Residential mortgage 
 227,777 
 7,391 
 3.24 
 229,001 
 6,923 
 3.02 
 227,604 
 6,375 
 2.80 
 Home equity 
 25,621 
 1,607 
 6.27 
 25,969 
 1,471 
 5.67 
 27,364 
 959 
 3.50 
 Credit card 
 99,914 
 11,438 
 11.45 
 96,190 
 10,436 
 10.85 
 83,539 
 8,408 
 10.06 
 Direct/Indirect and other consumer 
 104,548 
 5,829 
 5.58 
 104,571 
 5,200 
 4.97 
 107,050 
 3,317 
 3.10 
 Total consumer 
 457,860 
 26,265 
 5.74 
 455,731 
 24,030 
 5.27 
 445,557 
 19,059 
 4.28 
 U.S. commercial 
 390,574 
 21,402 
 5.48 
 378,212 
 19,494 
 5.15 
 366,748 
 12,251 
 3.34 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 126,596 
 8,749 
 6.91 
 125,486 
 8,023 
 6.39 
 125,222 
 3,702 
 2.96 
 Commercial real estate (3) 
 69,940 
 5,000 
 7.15 
 72,981 
 5,162 
 7.07 
 65,421 
 2,595 
 3.97 
 Commercial lease financing 
 15,111 
 806 
 5.33 
 13,846 
 646 
 4.67 
 13,834 
 473 
 3.42 
 Total commercial 
 602,221 
 35,957 
 5.97 
 590,525 
 33,325 
 5.64 
 571,225 
 19,021 
 3.33 
 Total loans and leases 
 1,060,081 
 62,222 
 5.87 
 1,046,256 
 57,355 
 5.48 
 1,016,782 
 38,080 
 3.75 
 Other earning assets 
 108,893 
 11,245 
 10.33 
 98,127 
 9,184 
 9.36 
 105,674 
 4,847 
 4.59 
 Total earning assets 
 2,898,868 
 147,226 
 5.08 
 2,753,600 
 130,829 
 4.75 
 2,700,860 
 73,003 
 2.70 
 Cash and due from banks 
 24,045 
 26,076 
 28,029 
 Other assets, less allowance for loan and lease losses 
 361,315 
 373,837 
 407,005 
 Total assets 
 $ 3,284,228 
 $ 3,153,513 
 $ 3,135,894 
 Interest-bearing liabilities 
 U.S. interest-bearing deposits 
 Demand and money market deposits 
 $ 
951,314 
 $ 
 20,877 
 2.19 % 
$ 952,736 
 $ 
 15,527 
 1.63 % 
$ 987,247 
 $ 
 3,145 
 0.32 % 
 Time and savings deposits 
 350,181 
 13,148 
 3.76 
 254,476 
 7,366 
 2.89 
 166,490 
 818 
 0.49 
 Total U.S. interest-bearing deposits 
 1,301,495 
 34,025 
 2.61 
 1,207,212 
 22,893 
 1.90 
 1,153,737 
 3,963 
 0.34 
 Non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits 
 109,246 
 4,417 
 4.04 
 96,845 
 3,270 
 3.38 
 80,951 
 755 
 0.93 
 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 1,410,741 
 38,442 
 2.72 
 1,304,057 
 26,163 
 2.01 
 1,234,688 
 4,718 
 0.38 
 Federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under 
 agreements to repurchase 
 367,192 
 23,777 
 6.48 
 301,015 
 20,583 
 6.84 
 214,369 
 4,117 
 1.92 
 Short-term borrowings and other interest-bearing 
 liabilities 
 149,355 
 10,761 
 7.21 
 152,548 
 9,970 
 6.54 
 137,277 
 2,861 
 2.08 
 Trading account liabilities 
 52,371 
 2,191 
 4.18 
 46,083 
 2,043 
 4.43 
 51,208 
 1,538 
 3.00 
 Long-term debt 
 246,081 
 15,376 
 6.25 
 248,853 
 14,572 
 5.86 
 246,479 
 6,869 
 2.79 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 2,225,740 
 90,547 
 4.07 
 2,052,556 
 73,331 
 3.57 
 1,884,021 
 20,103 
 1.07 
 Noninterest-bearing sources 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 513,365 
 583,484 
 751,470 
 Other liabilities (4) 
 251,109 
 234,120 
 230,104 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 294,014 
 283,353 
 270,299 
 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
 $ 3,284,228 
 $ 3,153,513 
 $ 3,135,894 
 Net interest spread 
 1.01 % 
 1.18 % 
 1.63 % 
 Impact of noninterest-bearing sources 
 0.94 
 0.90 
 0.33 
 Net interest income/yield on earning assets (5) 
 $ 
 56,679 
 1.95 % 
 $ 
 57,498 
 2.08 % 
 $ 
 52,900 
 1.96 % 
 (1) Includes the impact of interest rate risk management contracts. For more information, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 121. 
 (2) Nonperforming loans are included in the respective average loan balances. Income on these nonperforming loans is generally recognized on a cost recovery basis. 
 (3) Includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $63.8 billion, $67.2 billion and $61.1 billion, and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $6.1 billion, $5.8 billion and $4.3 billion for 2024, 2023
 and 2022, respectively.
 (4) Includes $48.4 billion, $40.2 billion and $30.7 billion of structured notes and liabilities for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (5) Net interest income includes FTE adjustments of $619 million, $567 million and $438 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Table 9 Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income - FTE Basis 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Due to Change in (1) 
 Net Change 
 Due to Change in (1) 
 Net Change 
Volume 
 Rate 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 From 2023 to 2024 
 From 2022 to 2023 
 Increase (decrease) in interest income 
 Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other 
 banks 
 $ 
 414 
 $ 
 427 
 $ 
 841 
 $ 
 1,691 
 $ 11,683 
 $ 
 13,374 
 Time deposits placed and other short-term investments 
 19 
 (25) 
 (6) 
 8 
 325 
 333 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements 
 to resell 
 1,201 
 31 
 1,232 
 (10) 
 14,129 
 14,119 
 Trading account assets 
 865 
 762 
 1,627 
 1,095 
 2,168 
 3,263 
 Debt securities 
 1,820 
 3,955 
 5,775 
 (2,435) 
 5,560 
 3,125 
 Loans and leases 
 Residential mortgage 
 (44) 
 512 
 468 
 37 
 511 
 548 
 Home equity 
 (18) 
 154 
 136 
 (50) 
 562 
 512 
 Credit card 
 405 
 597 
 1,002 
 1,269 
 759 
 2,028 
 Direct/Indirect and other consumer 
 (4) 
 633 
 629 
 (75) 
 1,958 
 1,883 
 Total consumer 
 2,235 
 4,971 
 U.S. commercial 
 621 
 1,287 
 1,908 
 381 
 6,862 
 7,243 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 66 
 660 
 726 
 12 
 4,309 
 4,321 
 Commercial real estate 
 (217) 
 55 
 (162) 
 302 
 2,265 
 2,567 
 Commercial lease financing 
 60 
 100 
 160 
 1 
 172 
 173 
 Total commercial 
 2,632 
 14,304 
 Total loans and leases 
 4,867 
 19,275 
 Other earning assets 
 1,008 
 1,053 
 2,061 
 (343) 
 4,680 
 4,337 
 Net increase in interest income 
 $ 
 16,397 
 $ 
 57,826 
 Increase (decrease) in interest expense 
 U.S. interest-bearing deposits 
 Demand and money market deposit accounts 
 $ 
 (21) $ 
 5,371 
 $ 
 5,350 
 $ 
 (96) $ 12,478 
 $ 
 12,382 
 Time and savings deposits 
 2,754 
 3,028 
 5,782 
 429 
 6,119 
 6,548 
 Total U.S. interest-bearing deposits 
 11,132 
 18,930 
 Non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits 
 423 
 724 
 1,147 
 146 
 2,369 
 2,515 
 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 12,279 
 21,445 
 Federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under agreements to 
 repurchase 
 4,533 
 (1,339) 
 3,194 
 1,662 
 14,804 
 16,466 
 Short-term borrowings and other interest bearing liabilities 
 (202) 
 993 
 791 
 312 
 6,797 
 7,109 
 Trading account liabilities 
 277 
 (129) 
 148 
 (156) 
 661 
 505 
 Long-term debt 
 (152) 
 956 
 804 
 74 
 7,629 
 7,703 
 Net increase in interest expense 
 17,216 
 53,228 
 Net increase (decrease) in net interest income (2) 
 $ 
 (819) 
 $ 
 4,598 
 (1) The changes for each category of interest income and expense are divided between the portion of change attributable to the variance in volume and the portion of change attributable to the
 variance in rate for that category. The unallocated change in rate or volume variance is allocated between the rate and volume variances.
 (2) Includes an increase in FTE basis adjustments of $52 million from 2023 to 2024 and $129 million from 2022 to 2023. 

 Bank of America 2024
 79
Bank of America 2024
78
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Business Segment Operations 
 Segment Description and Basis of Presentation 
 We report our results of operations through the following four business segments: Consumer Banking, GWIM, Global Banking and
 Global Markets, with the remaining operations recorded in All Other. We manage our segments and report their results on an FTE
 basis. The primary activities, products and businesses of the business segments and All Other are shown below.
 We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses 
 and allocate capital annually during the strategic and capital 
 planning processes. We utilize a methodology that considers the 
 effect of regulatory capital requirements in addition to internal 
 risk-based capital models. Our internal risk-based capital 
 models use a risk-adjusted methodology incorporating each 
 segment’s 
 credit, 
 market, 
 interest 
 rate, 
 business 
 and 
 operational risk components. For more information on the 
 nature of these risks, see Managing Risk on page 88. The 
 capital allocated to the business segments is referred to as 
 allocated capital. Allocated equity in the reporting units is 
 comprised of allocated capital plus capital for the portion of 
 goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to the reporting 
 unit. For more information, including the definition of a reporting 
 unit, see Note 7 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets to the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For more information on our presentation of financial 
 information on an FTE basis, see Supplemental Financial Data 
 on page 73, and for reconciliations to consolidated total 
 revenue, net income and year-end total assets, see Note 23 – 
 Business Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements. 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 We present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance 
 indicators that management uses when evaluating segment 
 results. We believe they are useful to investors because they 
 provide additional information about our segments’ operational 
 performance, client trends and business growth. 
 Consumer Banking 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Deposits 
 Consumer Lending 
 Total Consumer Banking 
 % Change 
2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 21,217 
 $ 
 22,545 
 $ 
 11,861 
 $ 
 11,144 
 $ 
 33,078 
 $ 
 33,689 
 (2)% 
 Noninterest income: 
 Card income 
 (41)
 (40)
 5,473 
 5,304 
 5,432 
 5,264 
 3 
 Service charges 
 2,443 
 2,314
 2 
 3 
 2,445 
 2,317 
 6 
 All other income 
 410 
 607 
 71 
 154 
 481 
 761 
 (37) 
 Total noninterest income 
 2,812 
 2,881 
 5,546 
 5,461 
 8,358 
 8,342 
 —
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 24,029 
 25,426 
 17,407 
 16,605 
 41,436 
 42,031 
 (1) 
 Provision for credit losses 
 303 
 491 
 4,684 
 4,667 
 4,987 
 5,158 
 (3) 
 Noninterest expense 
 13,707 
 13,358 
 8,397 
 8,058 
 22,104 
 21,416 
 3 
 Income before income taxes 
 10,019 
 11,577 
 4,326 
 3,880 
 14,345 
 15,457 
 (7) 
 Income tax expense 
 2,504 
 2,894 
 1,082 
 970 
 3,586 
 3,864 
 (7) 
 Net income 
 $ 
 7,515 
 $ 
 8,683 
 $ 
 3,244 
 $ 
 2,910 
 $ 
 10,759 
 $ 
 11,593 
 (7) 
 Effective tax rate (1)
 25.0 % 
 25.0 % 
 Net interest yield 
 2.25 % 
 2.28 % 
 3.83 % 
 3.66 % 
 3.34 % 
 3.26 % 
 Return on average allocated capital 
 55 
 63 
 11 
 10 
 25 
 28 
 Efficiency ratio 
 57.04 
 52.54 
 48.24 
 48.52 
 53.35 
 50.95 
 Balance Sheet 
 Average 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 4,342 
 $ 
 4,129 
 $ 
 309,450 
 $ 
 304,561
 $ 
 313,792 
 $ 
 308,690
 2 % 
 Total earning assets (2)
 943,170 
 989,000 
 309,624 
 304,838 
 988,950 
 1,032,525 
 (4) 
 Total assets (2)
 975,704 
 1,022,361 
 314,450 
 310,805 
 1,026,310 
 1,071,853 
 (4) 
 Total deposits 
 940,662 
 987,675 
 4,887 
 5,075 
 945,549 
 992,750 
 (5) 
 Allocated capital 
 13,700 
 13,700 
 29,550 
 28,300 
 43,250 
 42,000 
 3 
 Year End 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 4,510 
 $ 
 4,218 
 $ 
 314,244 
 $ 
 310,901
 $ 
 318,754 
 $ 
 315,119 
 1 % 
 Total earning assets (2)
 949,523 
 965,088 
 314,527 
 311,008 
 995,369 
 1,009,360 
 (1) 
 Total assets (2)
 983,518 
 999,372 
 319,533 
 317,194 
 1,034,370 
 1,049,830 
 (1) 
 Total deposits 
 947,837 
 964,136 
 4,474 
 5,436 
 952,311 
 969,572 
 (2) 
 (1) Estimated at the segment level only.
 (2) In segments and businesses where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, we allocate assets from All Other to match the segments’ and businesses’ liabilities and allocated
 shareholders’ equity. As a result, total earning assets and total assets of the businesses may not equal total Consumer Banking.
 Consumer Banking, comprised of Deposits and Consumer 
 Lending, offers a diversified range of credit, banking and 
 investment products and services to consumers and small 
 businesses. Deposits and Consumer Lending include the net 
 impact of migrating customers and their related deposit, 
 brokerage asset and loan balances between Deposits, 
 Consumer Lending and GWIM, as well as other client-managed 
 businesses. Our customers and clients have access to a coast 
 to-coast network including financial centers in 39 states and the 
 District of Columbia. As of December 31, 2024, our network 
 includes approximately 3,700 financial centers, approximately 
 15,000 ATMs, nationwide call centers and leading digital 
 banking platforms with approximately 48 million active users, 
 including approximately 40 million active mobile users. 
 Consumer Banking Results 
 Net income for Consumer Banking decreased $834 million to 
 $10.8 billion primarily due to higher noninterest expense and 
 lower revenue, partially offset by lower provision for credit 
 losses. Net interest income decreased $611 million to $33.1 
 billion primarily driven by lower deposit balances, partially offset 
 by higher loan balances. Noninterest income increased $16 
 million to $8.4 billion, relatively unchanged from the same 
 period a year ago. 
 The provision for credit losses decreased $171 million to
 $5.0 billion primarily driven by lower overdraft losses from fraud
 activity. Noninterest expense increased $688 million to $22.1
 billion primarily driven by investments in the business, including
 operations, technology and people.
 The return on average allocated capital was 25 percent,
 down from 28 percent, due to an increase in allocated capital
 and lower net income. For information on capital allocated to
 the business segments, see Business Segment Operations on
 page 78.
 Deposits 
 Deposits includes the results of consumer deposit activities 
 that consist of a comprehensive range of products provided to 
 consumers and small businesses. Our deposit products include 
 noninterest- and interest-bearing checking accounts, money 
 market savings accounts, traditional savings accounts, CDs and 
 IRAs, as well as investment accounts and products. Net interest 
 income is allocated to deposit products using our funds transfer 
 pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with similar 
 interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. Deposits 
 generates fees such as account service fees, non-sufficient 
 funds fees, overdraft charges and ATM fees, as well as 
 investment and brokerage fees from Consumer Investment 
 accounts. Consumer Investments serves investment client 
 relationships through the Merrill Edge integrated investing and 
 banking service platform, providing investment advice and 
 guidance, client brokerage asset services, self-directed online 
 investing and key banking capabilities including access to the 
 Corporation’s network of financial centers and ATMs. 
 Net income for Deposits decreased $1.2 billion to $7.5 
 billion primarily due to lower revenue and higher noninterest 

 Bank of America 2024
 81
Bank of America 2024
80
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 expense, partially offset by lower provision for credit losses. Net
 interest income decreased $1.3 billion to $21.2 billion primarily
 driven by lower deposit balances. Noninterest income was $2.8
 billion, relatively unchanged from the same period a year ago.
 The provision for credit losses decreased $188 million to
 $303 million primarily driven by lower overdraft losses from
 fraud activity. Noninterest expense increased $349 million to
 $13.7 billion primarily driven by investments in the business,
 including people, technology and operations.
 Average deposits decreased $47.0 billion to $940.7 billion
 primarily due to net outflows of $54.6 billion in money market
 savings and $20.6 billion in checking, partially offset by growth
 in time deposits of $37.2 billion.
 The table below provides key performance indicators for 
 Deposits. Management uses these metrics, and we believe they 
 are useful to investors because they provide additional 
 information to evaluate our deposit profitability and digital/ 
 mobile trends. 
 Key Statistics – Deposits 
 2024 
 2023 
 Total deposit spreads (excludes noninterest costs) (1) 
 2.77% 
 2.70% 
 Year end 
 Consumer investment assets (in millions) (2) 
 $ 517,835 
 $424,410 
 Active digital banking users (in thousands) (3) 
 48,150 
 46,265 
 Active mobile banking users (in thousands) (4) 
 39,958 
 37,927 
 Financial centers 
 3,700 
 3,845 
 ATMs 
 14,893 
 15,168 
 (1) Includes deposits held in Consumer Lending. 
 (2) Includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances, Bank of America, N.A. brokered 
 CDs and AUM in Consumer Banking. 
 (3) Represents mobile and/or online active users over the past 90 days. 
 (4) Represents mobile active users over the past 90 days. 
 Consumer investment assets increased $93.4 billion to 
 $517.8 billion driven by market performance and positive net 
 client 
 flows. 
 Active 
 mobile 
 banking 
 users 
 increased 
 approximately two million, reflecting client growth and continuing 
 changes in our clients’ banking preferences. We had a net 
 decrease of 145 financial centers and 275 ATMs as we 
 continued to optimize our consumer banking network. 
 Consumer Lending 
 Consumer Lending offers products to consumers and small 
 businesses across the U.S. The products offered include debit 
 and credit cards, residential mortgages and home equity loans, 
 and direct and indirect loans such as automotive, recreational 
 vehicle and consumer personal loans. In addition to earning net 
 interest spread revenue on its lending activities, Consumer 
 Lending generates interchange revenue from debit and credit 
 card transactions, late fees, cash advance fees, annual credit 
 card 
 fees, 
 mortgage 
 banking 
 fee 
 income 
 and 
 other 
 miscellaneous fees. Consumer Lending products are available 
 to our customers through our retail network, direct telephone, 
 and online and mobile channels. Consumer Lending results also 
 include the impact of servicing residential mortgages and home 
 equity loans, including loans held on the balance sheet of 
 Consumer Lending and loans serviced for others. 
 Net income for Consumer Lending increased $334 million to 
 $3.2 billion primarily driven by higher revenue, partially offset by 
 higher noninterest expense. Net interest income increased 
 $717 million to $11.9 billion primarily due to the impact of 
 higher loan balances. Noninterest income increased $85 million 
 to $5.5 billion, primarily driven by higher card income. 
 The provision for credit losses was $4.7 billion, relatively 
 unchanged from the same period a year ago. Noninterest 
 expense increased $339 million to $8.4 billion primarily driven 
 by 
 investments 
 in 
 the 
 business, 
 including 
 operations, 
 technology and people. 
 Average loans increased $4.9 billion to $309.5 billion 
 primarily driven by increases in credit card, small business and 
 consumer vehicle loans. 
 The following table provides key performance indicators for 
 Consumer Lending. Management uses these metrics, and we 
 believe they are useful to investors because they provide 
 additional information about loan growth and profitability. 
 Key Statistics – Consumer Lending 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Total credit card (1) 
 Gross interest yield (2) 
 12.30 % 
 11.88 % 
 Risk-adjusted margin (3) 
 6.98 
 7.83 
 New accounts (in thousands) 
 3,820 
 4,275 
 Purchase volumes 
 $368,861 
 $363,117 
 Debit card purchase volumes 
 $557,000 
 $527,074 
 (1) Includes GWIM's credit card portfolio. 
 (2) Calculated as the effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans. 
 (3) Calculated as the difference between total revenue, net of interest expense, and net credit 
 losses divided by average loans. 
 Total risk-adjusted margin decreased 85 bps primarily driven
 by higher net credit losses, partially offset by higher net interest
 margin and higher net fee income. Total credit card purchase
 volumes increased $5.7 billion to $368.9 billion, and debit card
 purchase volumes increased $29.9 billion to $557.0 billion,
 reflecting higher levels of consumer spending.
 Key Statistics – Loan Production (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Consumer Banking: 
 First mortgage 
 $ 
 10,252 
 $ 
 9,145 
 Home equity 
 7,450 
 8,328 
 Total (2) :
 First mortgage 
 $ 
 21,104 
 $ 
 19,405 
 Home equity 
 8,884 
 9,814 
 (1) The loan production amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of loans and, in the 
 case of home equity, the principal amount of the total line of credit. 
 (2) In addition to loan production in Consumer Banking, there is also first mortgage and home 
 equity loan production in GWIM. 
 First mortgage loan originations for Consumer Banking and 
 the total Corporation increased $1.1 billion and $1.7 billion 
 primarily driven by higher demand. 
 Home equity production in Consumer Banking and the total 
 Corporation decreased $878 million and $930 million primarily 
 driven by lower demand. 
 Global Wealth & Investment Management 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 % Change 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 6,969 
 $ 
 7,147 
 (2)% 
 Noninterest income: 
 Investment and brokerage services 
 15,238 
 13,213 
 15 
 All other income 
 722 
 745 
 (3) 
 Total noninterest income 
 15,960 
 13,958 
 14 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 22,929 
 21,105 
 9 
 Provision for credit losses 
 4 
 6 
 (33) 
 Noninterest expense 
 17,241 
 15,836 
 9 
 Income before income taxes 
 5,684 
 5,263 
 8 
 Income tax expense 
 1,421 
 1,316 
 8 
 Net income 
 $ 
 4,263 
 $ 
 3,947 
 8 
 Effective tax rate 
 25.0 % 
 25.0 % 
 Net interest yield 
 2.20 
 2.17 
 Return on average allocated capital 
 23 
 21 
 Efficiency ratio 
 75.19 
 75.04 
 Balance Sheet 
 Average 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 223,899 
 $ 
 219,503 
 2 % 
 Total earning assets 
 317,283 
 329,493 
 (4) 
 Total assets 
 331,014 
 342,531 
 (3) 
 Total deposits 
 287,491 
 298,335 
 (4) 
 Allocated capital 
 18,500 
 18,500 
 —
 Year end 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 231,981 
 $ 
 219,657 
 6 % 
 Total earning assets 
 323,496 
 330,653 
 (2) 
 Total assets 
 338,367 
 344,626 
 (2) 
 Total deposits 
 292,278 
 299,657 
 (2) 
 GWIM consists of two primary businesses: Merrill Wealth 
 Management and Bank of America Private Bank. 
 Merrill Wealth Management’s advisory business provides a 
 high-touch client experience through a network of financial 
 advisors focused on clients with over $250,000 in total 
 investable assets. Merrill Wealth Management provides tailored 
 solutions to meet clients’ needs through a full set of investment 
 management, brokerage, banking and retirement products. 
 Bank of America Private Bank, together with Merrill Wealth 
 Management’s Private Wealth Management business, provides 
 comprehensive wealth management solutions targeted to high 
 net worth and ultra high net worth clients, as well as customized 
 solutions to meet clients’ wealth structuring, investment 
 management, trust and banking needs, including specialty asset 
 management services. 
 Net income for GWIM increased $316 million to $4.3 billion 
 primarily due to higher revenue, partially offset by higher 
 noninterest expense. The operating margin was 25 percent, 
 unchanged from the same period a year ago. 
 Net interest income decreased $178 million to $7.0 billion 
 primarily driven by lower average deposit balances. 
 Noninterest income, which primarily includes investment and 
 brokerage services income, increased $2.0 billion to $16.0 
 billion. The increase was primarily driven by higher asset 
 management fees due to higher average equity market 
 valuations and positive AUM flows, as well as higher brokerage 
 fees due to increased transactional volume, partially offset by 
 the impact of lower AUM pricing. 
 Noninterest expense increased $1.4 billion to $17.2 billion 
 primarily due to higher revenue-related incentives. 
 The return on average allocated capital was 23 percent, up
 from 21 percent, due to higher net income. For information on
 capital allocated to the business segments, see Business
 Segment Operations on page 78.
 Average loans increased $4.4 billion to $223.9 billion, 
 primarily driven by custom lending and residential mortgage 
 loans. Average deposits decreased $10.8 billion to $287.5 
 billion primarily driven by clients moving deposits to higher 
 yielding investment cash alternatives, including offerings on our 
 investment and brokerage platforms. 
 Merrill Wealth Management revenue of $19.1 billion 
 increased nine percent primarily driven by higher asset 
 management fees due to the impact of higher average equity 
 market valuations and positive AUM flows, as well as higher 
 brokerage fees due to increased transactional volume. 
 Bank of America Private Bank revenue of $3.9 billion 
 increased six percent primarily driven by higher asset 
 management fees due to the impact of higher average equity 
 market valuations and client flows. 

 Bank of America 2024
 83
Bank of America 2024
82
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Key Indicators and Metrics 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Revenue by Business 
 Merrill Wealth Management 
 $ 
 19,066 
 $ 
 17,461 
 Bank of America Private Bank 
 3,863 
 3,644 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 $ 
 22,929 
 $ 
 21,105 
 Client Balances by Business, at year end 
 Merrill Wealth Management 
 $ 
 3,578,513 
 $ 
 3,182,735 
 Bank of America Private Bank 
 673,593 
 606,639 
 Total client balances 
 $ 
 4,252,106 
 $ 
 3,789,374 
 Client Balances by Type, at year end 
 Assets under management 
 $ 
 1,882,211 
 $ 
 1,617,740 
 Brokerage and other assets 
 1,888,334 
 1,688,923 
 Deposits 
 292,278 
 299,657 
 Loans and leases (1) 
 234,208 
 222,287 
 Less: Managed deposits in assets under management 
 (44,925) 
 (39,233) 
 Total client balances 
 $ 
 4,252,106 
 $ 
 3,789,374 
 Assets Under Management Rollforward 
 Assets under management, beginning of year 
 $ 
 1,617,740 
 $ 
 1,401,474 
 Net client flows 
 79,227 
 52,227 
 Market valuation/other 
 185,244 
 164,039 
 Total assets under management, end of year 
 $ 
 1,882,211 
 $ 
 1,617,740 
 (1) Includes margin receivables, which are classified in customer and other receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Client Balances 
 Client balances managed under advisory and/or discretion of
 GWIM are AUM and are typically held in diversified portfolios.
 Fees earned on AUM are calculated as a percentage of clients’
 AUM balances. The asset management fees charged to clients
 per year depend on various factors but are commonly driven by
 the breadth of the client’s relationship. The net client AUM flows
 represent the net change in clients’ AUM balances over a
 specified period of
 time,
 excluding market
 appreciation/
 depreciation and other adjustments.
 Client balances increased $462.7 billion, or 12 percent, to
 $4.3 trillion at December 31, 2024 compared to December 31,
 2023. The increase in client balances was primarily due to the
 impact of higher market valuations and positive net client flows.
 Global Banking 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 % Change 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 13,235 
 $ 
 14,645 
 (10)% 
 Noninterest income: 
 Service charges 
 3,135 
 2,952 
 6 
 Investment banking fees 
 3,453 
 2,819 
 22 
 All other income 
 4,135 
 4,380 
 (6) 
 Total noninterest income 
 10,723 
 10,151 
 6 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 23,958 
 24,796 
 (3) 
 Provision for credit losses 
 883 
 (586) 
 n/m 
 Noninterest expense 
 11,853 
 11,344 
 4 
 Income before income taxes 
 11,222 
 14,038 
 (20) 
 Income tax expense 
 3,086 
 3,790 
 (19) 
 Net income 
 $ 
 8,136 
 $ 
 10,248 
 (21) 
 Effective tax rate 
 27.5 % 
 27.0 % 
 Net interest yield 
 2.30 
 2.73 
 Return on average allocated capital 
 17 
 21 
 Efficiency ratio 
 49.47 
 45.75 
 Balance Sheet 
 Average 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 373,227 
 $ 
 378,762 
 (1)% 
 Total earning assets 
 575,594 
 535,500 
 7 
 Total assets 
 643,614 
 602,579 
 7 
 Total deposits 
 545,769 
 505,627 
 8 
 Allocated capital 
 49,250 
 49,250 
 —
 Year end 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 379,473 
 $ 
 373,891 
 1 % 
 Total earning assets 
 603,481 
 552,453 
 9 
 Total assets 
 670,905 
 621,751 
 8 
 Total deposits 
 578,159 
 527,060 
 10 
 n/m = not meaningful 
 Global Banking, which includes Global Corporate Banking, Global 
 Commercial Banking, Business Banking and Global Investment 
 Banking, provides a wide range of lending-related products and 
 services, integrated working capital management and treasury 
 solutions, and underwriting and advisory services through our 
 network of offices and client relationship teams. Our lending 
 products and services include commercial loans, leases, 
 commitment facilities, trade finance, commercial real estate 
 lending and asset-based lending. Our treasury solutions 
 business includes treasury management, foreign exchange, 
 short-term investing options and merchant services. We also 
 provide investment banking services to our clients such as debt 
 and equity underwriting and distribution, and merger-related and 
 other advisory services. Underwriting debt and equity issuances, 
 fixed-income and equity research, and certain market-based 
 activities are executed through our global broker-dealer 
 affiliates, which are our primary dealers in several countries. 
 Within Global Banking, Global Corporate Banking clients 
 generally include large global corporations, financial institutions 
 and leasing clients. Global Commercial Banking clients generally 
 include middle-market companies, commercial real estate firms 
 and not-for-profit companies. Business Banking clients include 
 mid-sized U.S.-based businesses requiring customized and 
 integrated financial advice and solutions. 
 Net income for Global Banking decreased $2.1 billion to 
 $8.1 billion driven by higher provision for credit losses, lower 
 revenue and higher noninterest expense. 
 Net interest income decreased $1.4 billion to $13.2 billion 
 primarily due to higher deposit costs and lower average loan 
 balances, partially offset by the benefit of higher average 
 deposit balances. 
 Noninterest income increased $572 million to $10.7 billion 
 due to higher investment banking fees and treasury service 
 charges, partially offset by lower leasing-related revenue. 
 The provision for credit losses increased $1.5 billion to 
 $883 million primarily driven by the commercial real estate 
 office portfolio compared to a benefit in the prior year due to 
 certain improved macroeconomic conditions. 
 Noninterest expense increased $509 million to $11.9 billion 
 primarily due to continued investments in the business, 
 including people, technology and operations. 
 The return on average allocated capital was 17 percent,
 down from 21 percent, due to lower net income. For information
 on capital allocated to the business segments, see Business
 Segment Operations on page 78.

 Bank of America 2024
 85
Bank of America 2024
84
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business 
 Banking 
 Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking 
 each include Business Lending and Global Transaction Services 
 activities. Business Lending includes various lending-related 
 products and services, and related hedging activities, including 
 commercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance, 
 real estate lending and asset-based lending. Global Transaction 
 Services includes deposits, treasury management, credit card, 
 foreign exchange and short-term investment products. The 
 following table and discussion present a summary of the 
 results, which exclude certain investment banking and other 
 activities in Global Banking. 
 Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Global Corporate Banking 
 Global Commercial Banking 
 Business Banking 
 Total 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Revenue 
 Business Lending 
 $ 
 4,463 
 $ 
 4,928 
 $ 
 5,027 
 $ 
 5,016 
 $ 
 231 
 $ 
 253 
 $ 
 9,721 
 $ 
 10,197 
 Global Transaction Services 
 5,125 
 5,746 
 3,906 
 4,139 
 1,474 
 1,531 
 10,505 
 11,416 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 $ 
 9,588 
 $ 
 10,674 
 $ 
 8,933 
 $ 
 9,155 
 $ 
 1,705 
 $ 
 1,784 
 $ 
 20,226 
 $ 
 21,613 
 Balance Sheet 
 Average 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 164,179 
 $ 171,554 
 $ 
 196,650 
 $ 194,725 
 $ 
 12,272 
 $ 
 12,285 
 $ 
 373,101 
 $ 378,564 
 Total deposits 
 300,154 
 272,964 
 193,533 
 181,905 
 52,081 
 50,759 
 545,768 
 505,628 
 Year end 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 173,013 
 $ 167,055 
 $ 
 194,529 
 $ 194,565 
 $ 
 11,791 
 $ 
 12,129 
 $ 
 379,333 
 $ 373,749 
 Total deposits 
 316,214 
 289,961 
 209,792 
 188,141 
 52,152 
 48,951 
 578,158 
 527,053 
 Business lending revenue decreased $476 million in 2024
 compared to 2023 primarily driven by lower net interest income
 and lower leasing-related revenue, partially offset by higher tax
 credit activity in affordable housing.
 Global Transaction Services revenue decreased $911 million
 in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily driven by higher deposit
 costs, partially offset by the benefit of higher average deposit
 balances and treasury service charges.
 Average loans and leases of $373.1 billion decreased one
 percent in 2024 compared to 2023 due to lower client demand.
 Average deposits of $545.8 billion increased eight percent in
 2024 compared to 2023 due to growth in both domestic and
 international balances.
 Global Investment Banking 
 Client teams and product specialists underwrite and distribute 
 debt, equity and loan products, and provide advisory services 
 and tailored risk management solutions. The economics of 
 certain investment banking and underwriting activities are 
 shared primarily between Global Banking and Global Markets 
 under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement. Global Banking 
 originates certain deal-related transactions with our corporate 
 and commercial clients that are executed and distributed by 
 Global Markets. To provide a complete discussion of our 
 consolidated investment banking fees, the table below presents 
 total Corporation investment banking fees and the portion 
 attributable to Global Banking. 
 Investment Banking Fees 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Global Banking 
 Total Corporation 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Products 
 Advisory 
 $ 
 1,504 
 $ 
 1,392 
 $ 
 1,690 
 $ 
 1,575 
 Debt issuance 
 1,398 
 1,073 
 3,310 
 2,403 
 Equity issuance 
 551 
 354 
 1,354 
 886 
 Gross investment 
 banking fees 
 3,453 
 2,819 
 6,354 
 4,864 
 Self-led deals 
 (32) 
 (43) 
 (168) 
 (156) 
 Total investment 
 banking fees 
 $ 
 3,421 
 $ 
 2,776 
 $ 
 6,186 
 $ 
 4,708 
 Total Corporation investment banking fees, which exclude
 self-led deals and are primarily included within Global Banking
 and Global Markets, increased 31 percent to $6.2 billion
 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher
 debt and equity issuance fees and higher advisory fees.
 Global Markets 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 % Change 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 3,375 
 $ 
 1,678 
 101 % 
 Noninterest income: 
 Investment and brokerage services 
 2,128 
 1,993 
 7 
 Investment banking fees 
 2,655 
 1,874 
 42 
 Market making and similar activities 
 12,778 
 13,430 
 (5) 
 All other income 
 876 
 552 
 59 
 Total noninterest income 
 18,437 
 17,849 
 3 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 21,812 
 19,527 
 12 
 Provision for credit losses 
 (32) 
 (131) 
 n/m 
 Noninterest expense 
 13,926 
 13,206 
 5 
 Income before income taxes 
 7,918 
 6,452 
 23 
 Income tax expense 
 2,296 
 1,774 
 29 
 Net income 
 $ 
 5,622 
 $ 
 4,678 
 20 
 Effective tax rate 
 29.0 % 
 27.5 % 
 Return on average allocated capital 
 12 
 10 
 Efficiency ratio 
 63.84 
 67.63 
 Balance Sheet 
 Average 
 Trading-related assets: 
 Trading account securities 
 $ 
 324,065 
 $ 
 318,443 
 2 % 
 Reverse repurchases 
 137,052 
 133,735 
 2 
 Securities borrowed 
 135,108 
 121,547 
 11 
 Derivative assets 
 37,795 
 44,303 
 (15) 
 Total trading-related assets 
 634,020 
 618,028 
 3 
 Total loans and leases 
 140,557 
 129,657 
 8 
 Total earning assets 
 710,604 
 652,352 
 9 
 Total assets 
 911,718 
 869,756 
 5 
 Total deposits 
 34,120 
 33,278 
 3 
 Allocated capital 
 45,500 
 45,500 
 —
 Year end 
 Total trading-related assets 
 $ 
 580,557 
 $ 
 542,544 
 7 % 
 Total loans and leases 
 157,450 
 136,223 
 16 
 Total earning assets 
 687,678 
 637,955 
 8 
 Total assets 
 876,605 
 817,588 
 7 
 Total deposits 
 38,848 
 34,833 
 12 
 n/m = not meaningful 
 Global Markets offers sales and trading services and research 
 services to institutional clients across fixed-income, credit, 
 currency, commodity and equity businesses. Global Markets 
 product coverage includes securities and derivative products in 
 both the primary and secondary markets. Global Markets 
 provides 
 market-making, 
 financing, 
 securities 
 clearing, 
 settlement and custody services globally to our institutional 
 investor clients in support of their investing and trading 
 activities. We also work with our commercial and corporate 
 clients to provide risk management products using interest rate, 
 equity, credit, currency and commodity derivatives, foreign 
 exchange, fixed-income and mortgage-related products. As a 
 result of our market-making activities in these products, we may 
 be required to manage risk in a broad range of financial 
 products including government securities, equity and equity 
 linked securities, high-grade and high-yield corporate debt 
 securities, syndicated loans, MBS, commodities and asset 
 backed securities. The economics of certain investment banking 
 and underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global 
 Markets and Global Banking under an internal revenue-sharing 
 arrangement. Global Banking originates certain deal-related 
 transactions with our corporate and commercial clients that are 
 executed and distributed by Global Markets. For information on 
 investment banking fees on a consolidated basis, see page 84. 
 The following explanations for year-over-year changes in
 results for Global Markets, including those disclosed under
 Sales and Trading Revenue, are the same for amounts including
 and excluding net DVA. Amounts excluding net DVA are a non
 GAAP financial measure. For more information on net DVA, see
 Supplemental Financial Data on page 73.
 Net income for Global Markets increased $944 million to 
 $5.6 billion. Net DVA losses were $113 million compared to 
 losses of $236 million in 2023. Excluding net DVA, net income 
 increased $851 million to $5.7 billion. These increases were 
 primarily driven by higher revenue, partially offset by higher 
 noninterest expense. 
 Revenue increased $2.3 billion to $21.8 billion primarily due 
 to higher sales and trading revenue and investment banking 
 fees. Sales and trading revenue increased $1.4 billion, and 
 excluding net DVA, increased $1.3 billion. These increases were 
 driven by higher revenue in both Equities and FICC. Noninterest 
 expense increased $720 million to $13.9 billion, primarily 
 driven by revenue-related expenses and continued investments 
 in the business, including technology. 
 Average total assets increased $42.0 billion to $911.7 
 billion, driven by higher levels of inventory, loan growth and 
 increased financing activity. Year-end total assets increased 

 Bank of America 2024
 87
Bank of America 2024
86
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 $59.0 billion to $876.6 billion driven by the same factors as 
 average assets. 
 The return on average allocated capital was 12 percent, up
 from 10 percent, reflecting higher net income. For information
 on capital allocated to the business segments, see Business
 Segment Operations on page 78.
 Sales and Trading Revenue 
 Sales and trading revenue includes unrealized and realized 
 gains and losses on trading and other assets that are included 
 in market making and similar activities, net interest income, and 
 fees primarily from commissions on equity securities. Sales and 
 trading revenue is segregated into fixed-income (government 
 debt 
 obligations, 
 investment 
 and 
 non-investment 
 grade 
 corporate debt obligations, commercial MBS, residential 
 mortgage-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, 
 interest rate and credit derivative contracts), currencies (interest 
 rate and foreign exchange contracts), commodities (primarily 
 futures, forwards, swaps and options) and equities (equity 
 linked derivatives and cash equity activity). The following table 
 and related discussion present sales and trading revenue, 
 substantially all of which is in Global Markets, with the 
 remainder in Global Banking. In addition, the following table and 
 related discussion also present sales and trading revenue, 
 excluding net DVA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. For 
 more information on net DVA, see Supplemental Financial Data 
 on page 73. 
 Sales and Trading Revenue (1 , 2 , 3) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Sales and trading revenue (2) 
 Fixed-income, currencies and commodities 
 $ 11,371 
 $ 10,896 
 Equities 
 7,436 
 6,480 
 Total sales and trading revenue 
 $ 18,807 
 $ 17,376 
 Sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA (4) 
 Fixed-income, currencies and commodities 
 $ 11,468 
 $ 11,122 
 Equities 
 7,452 
 6,490 
 Total sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA 
 $ 18,920 
 $ 17,612 
 (1) For more information on sales and trading revenue, see Note 3 – Derivatives to the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Includes FTE adjustments of $890 million and $546 million for 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) Includes Global Banking sales and trading revenue of $677 million and $654 million for 
 2024 and 2023. 
 (4) FICC and Equities sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, is a non-GAAP financial
 measure. FICC net DVA losses were $97 million and $226 million for 2024 and 2023.
 Equities net DVA losses were $16 million and $10 million for 2024 and 2023.
 Including and excluding net DVA, FICC revenue increased $475
 million and $346 million driven by improved trading performance
 in mortgages. Including and excluding net DVA, Equities revenue
 increased $956 million and $962 million driven by increased
 client activity and improved trading performance in cash and
 derivatives.
 All Other 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 % Change 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 22 
 $ 
 339 
 (94)% 
 Noninterest income (loss) 
 (7,651) 
 (8,650) 
 (12) 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 (7,629) 
 (8,311) 
 (8) 
 Provision for credit losses 
 (21) 
 (53) 
 (60) 
 Noninterest expense 
 1,688 
 4,043 
 (58) 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (9,296) 
 (12,301) 
 (24) 
 Income tax benefit 
 (7,648) 
 (8,350) 
 (8) 
 Net loss 
 $ 
 (1,648) $ 
 (3,951) 
 (58) 
 Balance Sheet 
 Average 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 8,606 
 $ 
 9,644 
 (11)% 
 Total assets (1) 
 371,572 
 266,794 
 39 
 Total deposits 
 111,177 
 57,551 
 93 
 Year end 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 8,177 
 $ 
 8,842 
 (8)% 
 Total assets (1) 
 341,272 
 346,356 
 (1) 
 Total deposits 
 103,871 
 92,705 
 12 
 (1) In segments where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, we allocate assets from All Other to those segments to match liabilities (i.e.,
 deposits) and allocated shareholders’ equity. Average allocated assets were $954.6 billion and $975.9 billion for 2024 and 2023 and year-end allocated assets were $978.4 billion and $972.9
 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 All Other primarily consists of asset and liability management
 (ALM) activities, liquidating businesses and certain expenses
 not otherwise allocated to a business segment. ALM activities
 encompass interest rate and foreign currency risk management
 activities for which substantially all of the results are allocated
 to our business segments. For more information on our ALM
 activities, see Note 23 – Business Segment Information to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.
 The net loss in All Other decreased $2.3 billion to $1.6 
 billion primarily due to lower noninterest expense and higher 
 revenue. 
 Noninterest income increased $999 million primarily due to
 the net $1.6 billion charge recorded in the prior year due to the
 announcement of BSBY’s cessation, partially offset by a charge
 related to Visa’s increase in its litigation escrow account and
 certain negative valuation adjustments.
 Noninterest expense decreased $2.4 billion to $1.7 billion
 primarily due to the $2.1 billion accrual recorded in the prior
 year for the FDIC special assessment resulting from the closure
 of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, and lower expenses
 related to a liquidating business activity.
 The income tax benefit was $7.6 billion in 2024 compared
 to $8.4 billion in 2023. The decrease in the income tax benefit
 was primarily due to the benefits recorded against pretax
 charges in 2023 for the FDIC special assessment and the
 impact of BSBY’s cessation.

 (1) Reports to the CEO and CFO with oversight by the Audit Committee 
 Bank of America 2024
 89
Bank of America 2024
88
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Managing Risk 
 Risk is inherent in all our business activities. Sound risk 
 management enables us to serve our customers and deliver for 
 our shareholders. If not managed well, risk can result in 
 financial loss, regulatory sanctions and penalties, litigation, and 
 damage to our reputation, each of which may adversely impact 
 our ability to execute our business strategies. We take a 
 comprehensive approach to risk management with a defined 
 Risk Framework and an articulated Risk Appetite Statement, 
 which are approved annually by the Board’s Enterprise Risk 
 Committee (ERC) and the Board. 
 The seven key types of risk faced by the Corporation are 
 strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational and 
 reputational. 
•
 Strategic risk is the risk to current or projected financial
 condition arising from incorrect assumptions about external
 or internal factors, inappropriate business plans, ineffective
 business strategy execution or failure to respond in a timely
 manner to changes in the regulatory, macroeconomic or
 competitive environments in the geographic locations in
 which we operate.
•
 Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or
 failure of a borrower or counterparty to meet its obligations.
•
 Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions
 adversely impact the value of assets or liabilities or
 otherwise negatively impact earnings. Market risk is
 composed of price risk and interest rate risk.
•
 Liquidity risk is the risk of the inability to meet expected or
 unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing
 to support our businesses and customers under a range of
 economic conditions.
•
 Compliance risk is the risk of legal action or regulatory
 sanctions,
 material financial loss or
 damage to the
 reputation of the Corporation arising from the failure of the
 Corporation to comply with the requirements of applicable
 laws, rules and regulations (LRRs) and our internal policies
 and procedures.
•
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate
 or failed internal processes or systems, people or external
 events.
•
 Reputational risk is the risk that negative perception of the
 Corporation may adversely impact profitability or operations.
 The following sections address in more detail the specific
 procedures, measures and analyses of the major categories of 
 risk. 
 As set forth in our Risk Framework, a culture of managing
 risk well is fundamental to our values and our purpose, and how
 we drive Responsible Growth. It requires us to focus on risk in
 all activities and encourages the necessary
 mindset
 and
 behavior to enable effective risk management and promote
 sound risk-taking within our risk appetite. Sustaining a culture of
 managing risk well throughout the organization is critical to the
 success of the Corporation and is a clear expectation of our
 executive management team and the Board.
 Our Risk Framework serves as the foundation for the 
 consistent and effective management of risks facing the 
 Corporation. The Risk Framework sets forth roles and 
 responsibilities for the management of risk and provides a 
 blueprint for how the Board, through delegation of authority to 
 committees and executive officers, establishes risk appetite 
 and associated limits for our activities. 
 Executive management assesses, with Board oversight, the 
 risk-adjusted returns of each business. Management reviews 
 and approves the strategic and financial operating plans, as well 
 as the capital plan and Risk Appetite Statement, and 
 recommends them annually to the Board for approval. Our 
 strategic plan takes into consideration return objectives and 
 financial resources, which must align with risk capacity and risk 
 appetite. Management sets financial objectives for each 
 business by allocating capital and setting a target for return on 
 capital for each business. Capital allocations are regularly 
 evaluated as part of our overall governance processes as the 
 businesses and the economic environment in which we operate 
 continue to evolve. For more information regarding capital 
 allocations, see Business Segment Operations on page 78. 
 The Corporation’s risk appetite indicates the amount of 
 capital, earnings or liquidity we are willing to put at risk to 
 achieve our strategic objectives and business plans, consistent 
 with applicable regulatory requirements. It also provides a 
 common framework that includes a set of measures to assist 
 senior management and the Board in assessing the 
 Corporation’s risk profile across all risk types against our risk 
 appetite and risk capacity. Our risk appetite is formally 
 articulated in the Risk Appetite Statement, which includes both 
 qualitative statements and quantitative limits. 
 Our overall capacity to take risk is limited. Accordingly, we
 prioritize the risks we take in order to maintain a strong and
 flexible financial position so we can weather
 challenging
 economic
 times and take advantage of
 organic
 growth
 opportunities while complying with all applicable regulatory
 requirements. Therefore, we set objectives and targets for
 capital and liquidity that permit us to continue to operate in a
 safe and sound manner at all times, including during periods of
 stress. We also maintain strong operational risk management
 and operational resiliency capabilities so we can meet the
 expectations of our customers and clients through a range of
 operating conditions.
 Our lines of business operate with risk limits that align with
 the Corporation’s risk appetite. Management is responsible for
 tracking and reporting performance measurements as well as
 any breaches or exceptions to risk appetite limits. The Board,
 and its committees when appropriate,
 oversee financial
 performance, execution of the strategic and financial operating
 plans, adherence to risk appetite limits and the adequacy of
 internal controls.
 For a more detailed discussion of our risk management 
 activities, see the discussion below and pages 91 through 125. 
 Risk Management Governance 
 The Risk Framework describes delegations of authority whereby 
 the Board and its committees may delegate authority to 
 management-level committees or executive officers. Such 
 delegations may authorize certain decision-making and approval 
 functions, which may be evidenced in documents such as 
 committee charters, job descriptions, meeting minutes and 
 resolutions. 
 The chart below illustrates the interrelationship among the 
 Board, Board committees and management committees that 
 have the majority of risk oversight responsibilities for the 
 Corporation. 
 Board of Directors and Board Committees 
 The Board is composed of 14 directors, all but one of whom are 
 independent. The Board authorizes management to maintain an 
 effective Risk Framework and oversees compliance with safe 
 and sound banking practices. In addition, the Board or its 
 committees conduct inquiries of, and receive reports from 
 senior management on, risk-related matters to assess scope or 
 resource limitations that could impede the ability of Global Risk 
 Management (GRM) and/or Corporate Audit to execute its 
 responsibilities. The Board committees discussed below have 
 the principal responsibility for enterprise-wide oversight of our 
 risk management activities. Through these activities, the Board 
 and applicable committees are provided with information on our 
 risk profile and oversee senior management addressing key 
 risks we face. Other Board committees, as described below, 
 provide additional oversight of specific risks. 
 Each of the committees shown on the above chart regularly
 reports to the Board on risk-related matters within the
 committee’s responsibilities, which is intended to collectively
 provide the Board with integrated insight about our management
 of enterprise-wide risks.
 Audit Committee 
 The Audit Committee oversees the qualifications, performance 
 and independence of the Independent Registered Public 
 Accounting Firm, the performance of our corporate audit 
 function, the integrity of our consolidated financial statements, 
 our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and 
 makes inquiries of senior management or the Chief Audit 
 Executive (CAE) to determine whether there are scope or 
 resource limitations that impede the ability of Corporate Audit to 
 execute its responsibilities. The Audit Committee is also 
 responsible for overseeing compliance risks pursuant to the 
 New York Stock Exchange listing standards. 
 Enterprise Risk Committee 
 The ERC oversees the Corporation’s Risk Framework, risk 
 appetite and senior management’s responsibilities for the 
 identification, measurement, monitoring and control of key risks 
 facing the Corporation. The ERC may consult with other Board 
 committees on risk-related matters such as the Audit 
 Committee for compliance risks. 
 Other Board Committees 
 Our Corporate Governance, ESG, and Sustainability Committee 
 oversees corporate governance matters, including periodically 
 reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on Board 
 succession planning and composition matters, conducting an 
 annual review of the Board’s performance and leading itself and 
 the Board’s other committees in an annual assessment of their 
 performance. The committee also oversees sustainability 
 matters (other than human capital matters), including the 
 Corporation’s 
 public 
 policy 
 engagement, 
 sustainability 
 initiatives, 
 charitable 
 contributions, 
 and 
 community 
 reinvestment activities and performance. 
 Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversees 
 establishing, maintaining and administering our compensation 
 programs and employee benefit plans, including approving and 
 recommending our Chief Executive Officer’s (CEO) compensation 
 to our Board for further approval by all independent directors; 
 reviewing and approving our executive officers’ compensation, 
 as well as compensation for non-management directors; and 
 reviewing certain other human capital management topics. 
 Management Committees 
 Management committees receive their authority from the Board, 
 a Board committee, or another management committee. Our 
 primary management risk committee is the MRC. Subject to 
 Board oversight, the MRC is responsible for management 
 oversight of key risks facing the Corporation, including an 
 integrated evaluation of risk, earnings, capital and liquidity. 
 Executive Officers 
 Executive officers lead various functions representing the 
 functional roles. Authority for functional roles may be delegated 
 to executive officers from the Board, Board committees or 
 management-level committees. Executive officers, in turn, may 
 further 
 delegate 
 responsibilities, 
 as 
 appropriate, 
 to 
 management-level 
 committees, 
 management 
 routines 
 or 
 individuals. 
 Executive 
 officers 
 review 
 our 
 activities 
 for 
 consistency with our Risk Framework, risk appetite, and 
 applicable strategic, capital and financial operating plans, as 
 well as applicable policies and standards. Executive officers and 
 other employees make decisions individually on a day-to-day 
 basis, consistent with the authority they have been delegated. 

 Bank of America 2024
 91
Bank of America 2024
90
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Executive officers and other employees may also serve on 
 committees and participate in committee decisions. 
 Lines of Defense 
 We have clear ownership and accountability for managing risk
 across three lines of defense: Front Line Units (FLUs), GRM and
 Corporate Audit. We also have control functions outside of FLUs
 and GRM (e.g., Legal and Global Human Resources). The three
 lines of defense are integrated into our management-level
 governance structure. Each of these functional roles is further
 described in this section.
 Front Line Units and Control Functions 
 FLUs, which include the business segments and underlying 
 businesses, as well as the organizations that support 
 technology and operations for the Corporation, are responsible 
 for appropriately assessing and effectively managing all of the 
 risks associated with their activities. Control functions provide 
 guidance and subject matter expertise on day-to-day activities 
 affecting the Corporation, as well as by overseeing and 
 managing risks that emanate from their own respective 
 activities. 
 Global Risk Management 
 GRM is part of our control functions and operates as our 
 independent risk management function. GRM, led by the Chief 
 Risk Officer (CRO), is responsible for independently assessing 
 and overseeing risks within FLUs and other control functions. 
 GRM establishes written enterprise policies and procedures 
 outlining how aggregate risks are identified, measured, 
 monitored and controlled. 
 The CRO has the stature, authority and independence needed
 to develop and implement a meaningful risk management
 framework and practices to guide the Corporation in managing
 risk. The CRO has unrestricted access to the Board and reports
 directly to both the ERC and the CEO. GRM is organized into
 horizontal risk teams that cover a specific risk area and vertical
 CRO teams that cover a particular FLU or control function. These
 teams work collaboratively in executing their respective duties.
 Corporate Audit 
 Corporate Audit and the CAE maintain their independence from 
 the FLUs, GRM and other control functions by reporting directly 
 to the Audit Committee. The CAE administratively reports to the 
 CEO. Corporate Audit provides independent assessment and 
 validation through testing of key processes and controls across 
 the Corporation. Corporate Audit includes Credit Review, which 
 provides an independent assessment of credit lending decisions 
 and the effectiveness of credit processes across the 
 Corporation’s 
 credit 
 platform 
 through 
 examinations 
 and 
 monitoring. 
 Risk Management Processes 
 The Risk Framework requires that strong risk management 
 practices are integrated in key strategic, capital and financial 
 planning processes and in day-to-day business processes 
 across the Corporation, thereby ensuring risks are appropriately 
 considered, evaluated and responded to in a timely manner. We 
 employ an effective risk management process, referred to as 
 Identify, Measure, Monitor and Control, as part of our daily 
 activities. 
 Identify – To be effectively managed, risks must be proactively
 identified and well understood. Proper risk identification
 focuses on recognizing and understanding key risks inherent
 in our business activities or key risks that may arise from
 external factors. Each employee is expected to identify and
 escalate risks promptly. Risk identification is an ongoing
 process that
 incorporates input
 from
 FLUs and control
 functions. It is designed to be forward-looking and to capture
 relevant risk factors across all of our lines of business.
 Measure – Once a risk is identified, it must be prioritized and 
 accurately measured through a systematic process including 
 qualitative statements and quantitative limits. Risk is 
 measured at various levels, including, but not limited to, risk 
 type, FLU and legal entity, and also on an aggregate basis. 
 This risk measurement process helps to capture changes in 
 our risk profile due to changes in strategic direction, 
 concentrations, portfolio quality and the overall economic 
 environment. 
 Senior 
 management 
 considers 
 how 
 risk 
 exposures might evolve under a variety of stress scenarios. 
 Monitor – We monitor risk levels regularly to track adherence to
 risk appetite, policies and standards. We also regularly
 update risk assessments and review risk exposures. Through
 our monitoring, we know our level of risk relative to limits and
 can take action in a timely manner. We also know when risk
 limits are breached and have processes to appropriately
 report and escalate exceptions. This includes timely requests
 for
 approval 
 to 
 managers 
 and 
 alerts 
 to 
 executive
 management, management-level committees or the Board
 (directly or through an appropriate committee).
 Control – We establish and communicate risk limits and controls
 through policies, standards, procedures and processes. The
 limits and controls can be adjusted by senior management or
 the Board when conditions or risk tolerances warrant. These
 limits may be absolute (e.g., loan amount, trading volume,
 operational loss) or relative (e.g., percentage of loan book in
 higher-risk categories). Our FLUs are held accountable for
 performing within the established limits.
 The formal processes used to manage risk represent a part 
 of our overall risk management process. We instill a strong and 
 comprehensive 
 culture 
 of 
 managing 
 risk 
 well 
 through 
 communications, 
 training, 
 policies, 
 procedures 
 and 
 organizational roles and responsibilities. Establishing a culture 
 reflective of our purpose to help make our customers’ financial 
 lives better and delivering on Responsible Growth is also critical 
 to effective risk management. We are committed to the highest 
 principles of ethical and professional conduct. Conduct risk is 
 the risk of improper actions, behaviors or practices by the 
 Corporation, its employees or representatives that are illegal, 
 unethical and/or contrary to our core values that could result in 
 harm to the Corporation, our shareholders or our customers, 
 damage the integrity of the financial markets, or negatively 
 impact our reputation. We have established protocols and 
 structures so that conduct risk is governed and reported across 
 the 
 Corporation 
 appropriately. 
 All 
 employees 
 are 
 held 
 accountable for adhering to the Code of Conduct, operating 
 within our risk appetite and managing risk in their daily business 
 activities. In addition, our performance management and 
 compensation practices encourage responsible risk-taking that 
 is consistent with our Risk Framework and risk appetite. 
 Corporation-wide Stress Testing 
 Integral to our Capital Planning, Financial Planning and Strategic 
 Planning processes, we conduct capital scenario management 
 and stress forecasting on a regular basis to better understand 
 balance sheet, earnings and capital sensitivities to a wide range 
 of economic and business scenarios, including economic and 
 market conditions that are more severe than anticipated. These 
 stress forecasts provide an understanding of the potential 
 impacts from our risk profile on the balance sheet, earnings and 
 capital, and serve as a key component of our capital and risk 
 management practices. The intent of stress testing is to 
 develop a comprehensive understanding of potential impacts of 
 on- and off-balance sheet risks at the Corporation and certain 
 subsidiaries and how they impact financial resiliency, which 
 provides confidence to management, regulators and our 
 investors. 
 Contingency Planning 
 We have developed and maintain comprehensive contingency
 plans that are designed to prepare us in advance to respond in
 the event of potential adverse economic, operational, financial
 or market stress conditions. These contingency plans include
 our Financial Contingency and Recovery Plan, which provides
 monitoring, escalation, actions and routines designed to enable
 us to increase capital and/or liquidity, access funding sources
 and reduce risk through consideration of potential options that
 include asset sales, business sales, capital or debt issuances,
 and other risk reducing strategies at various levels of capital or
 liquidity depletion during a period of stress. We also maintain a
 Resolution Plan to limit adverse systemic impacts that could be
 associated with a potential resolution of Bank of America.
 Strategic Risk Management 
 Strategic risk is embedded in every business and is one of the 
 major risk categories along with credit, market, liquidity, 
 compliance, operational and reputational risks. This risk results 
 from incorrect assumptions about external or internal factors, 
 inappropriate business plans, ineffective business strategy 
 execution, or failure to respond in a timely manner to changes in 
 the regulatory, macroeconomic or competitive environments in 
 the geographic locations in which we operate, such as 
 competitor actions, changing customer preferences, product 
 obsolescence and technology developments, including rapid 
 advances in artificial intelligence (AI), such as machine learning 
 and generative AI. 
 An aspect of strategic risk is the risk that the Corporation’s
 capital levels are not adequate to meet minimum regulatory
 requirements and support execution of business activities or
 absorb losses from risks during normal or adverse economic
 and market conditions. As such, capital risk is managed in
 parallel to strategic risk.
 We manage strategic risk through the Strategic Risk 
 Enterprise Policy and integration into the strategic planning 
 process, among other activities. Our strategic plan is consistent 
 with our risk appetite, capital plan and liquidity requirements, 
 and specifically addresses strategic risks impacting each 
 business. 
 On an annual basis, the Board reviews and approves the 
 strategic plan, capital plan, financial operating plan and Risk 
 Appetite Statement. With oversight by the Board, senior 
 management directs the lines of business to execute our 
 strategic plan consistent with our core operating principles and 
 risk appetite. The executive management team monitors 
 business performance throughout the year and provides the 
 Board with regular progress reports on whether strategic 
 objectives and timelines are being met, including reports on 
 strategic risks and if additional or alternative actions need to be 
 considered or implemented. The regular executive reviews focus 
 on assessing forecasted earnings and returns on capital, the 
 current risk profile, current capital and liquidity requirements, 
 staffing levels and changes required to support the strategic 
 plan, stress testing results, and other qualitative factors such 
 as market growth rates and peer analysis. 
 Significant strategic actions, such as capital actions, 
 material acquisitions or divestitures, and resolution plans are 
 reviewed and approved by the Board. At the business level, 
 processes are in place to discuss the strategic risk implications 
 of new, expanded or modified businesses, products or services, 
 regulatory change and other strategic initiatives, and to provide 
 formal review and approval where required. With oversight by the 
 Board and the ERC, executive management performs similar 
 analyses throughout the year, and evaluates changes to the 
 financial forecast or the risk, capital or liquidity positions as 
 deemed appropriate to balance and optimize achieving the 
 targeted risk appetite, shareholder returns and maintaining the 
 targeted financial strength. Proprietary models are used to 
 measure the capital requirements for credit, country, market, 
 operational and strategic risks. The allocated capital assigned 
 to each business is based on its unique risk profile. With 
 oversight by the Board, executive management assesses the 
 risk-adjusted returns of each business in approving strategic 
 and financial operating plans. The businesses use allocated 
 capital to define business strategies, and price products and 
 transactions. 
 Capital Management 
 The Corporation manages its capital position so that its capital 
 is more than adequate to support its business activities and 
 aligns with risk, risk appetite and strategic planning. 
 Additionally, we seek to maintain safety and soundness at all 
 times, even under adverse scenarios, take advantage of organic 
 growth opportunities, meet obligations to creditors and 
 counterparties, maintain ready access to financial markets, 
 continue to serve as a credit intermediary, remain a source of 
 strength for our subsidiaries, and satisfy current and future 
 regulatory 
 capital 
 requirements. 
 Capital 
 management 
 is 
 integrated into our risk and governance processes, as capital is 
 a key consideration in the development of our strategic plan, 
 risk appetite and risk limits. 
 We conduct an Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
 Process (ICAAP) on a periodic basis. The ICAAP is a forward 
 looking assessment of our projected capital needs and 
 resources, incorporating earnings, balance sheet and risk 
 forecasts under baseline and adverse economic and market 
 conditions. We utilize periodic stress tests to assess the 
 potential impacts to our balance sheet, earnings, regulatory 
 capital and liquidity under a variety of stress scenarios. We 
 perform qualitative risk assessments to identify and assess 
 material risks not fully captured in our forecasts or stress tests. 
 We assess the potential capital impacts of proposed changes to 
 regulatory capital requirements. Management assesses ICAAP 
 results and provides documented quarterly assessments of the 
 adequacy of our capital guidelines and capital position to the 
 Board or its committees. 
 We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses 
 and allocate capital annually during the strategic and capital 
 planning processes. For more information, see Business 
 Segment Operations on page 78. 
 CCAR and Capital Planning 
 The Federal Reserve requires BHCs to submit a capital plan and
 planned capital actions on an annual basis, consistent with the
 rules governing capital planning and the stress capital buffer
 (SCB) requirement, which include supervisory stress testing by
 the Federal Reserve. Based on 2024 Comprehensive Capital
 Analysis and Review (CCAR) stress test results, our SCB is 3.2
 percent effective from October 1, 2024 through September 30,
 2025.

 Bank of America 2024
 93
Bank of America 2024
92
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 On July 24, 2024, the Board authorized a $25 billion
 common stock repurchase program, effective August 1, 2024,
 which replaced the Corporation’s previous program that was
 initially authorized by the Board in 2021, modified in 2023 and
 expired on August 1, 2024.
 Pursuant 
 to 
 Board 
 authorizations, 
 during 
 2024 
 we 
 repurchased $13.1 billion of common stock. For more 
 information, see Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant’s 
 Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and issuer 
 Purchases of Equity Securities of our 2024 Annual Report on 
 Form 10-K. 
 The timing and amount of common stock repurchases are 
 subject to various factors, including the Corporation’s capital 
 position, liquidity, financial performance and alternative uses of 
 capital, stock trading price, regulatory requirements and general 
 market conditions, and may be suspended at any time. Such 
 repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or 
 privately negotiated transactions, including repurchase plans 
 that satisfy the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities 
 Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). 
 Regulatory Capital 
 As a BHC, we are subject to regulatory capital rules, including 
 Basel 3, issued by U.S. banking regulators. Basel 3 established 
 minimum capital ratios and buffer requirements and outlined 
 two methods of calculating risk-weighted assets (RWA), the 
 Standardized approach and the Advanced approaches. The 
 Standardized approach relies primarily on supervisory risk 
 weights based on exposure type, and the Advanced approaches 
 determine risk weights based on internal models. 
 The Corporation's depository institution subsidiaries are also 
 subject to the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework. The 
 Corporation and its primary affiliated banking entity, BANA, are 
 Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3 and are 
 required to report regulatory risk-based capital ratios and RWA 
 under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. The 
 lower of the capital ratios under Standardized or Advanced 
 approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio 
 requirements is used to assess capital adequacy, including 
 under the PCA framework. As of December 31, 2024, the 
 Common equity tier 1 (CET1) capital, Tier 1 capital and Total 
 capital ratios under the Standardized approach were the binding 
 ratios. 
 Minimum Capital Requirements 
 In order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and 
 discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, the 
 Corporation must meet risk-based capital ratio requirements 
 that include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent (under 
 the Advanced approaches only), an SCB (under the Standardized 
 approach only), plus any applicable countercyclical capital buffer 
 and a global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge. The 
 buffers and surcharge must be comprised solely of CET1 
 capital. For the period from January 1, 2024 through September 
 30, 2024, the Corporation's minimum CET1 capital ratio 
 requirements were 10.0 percent under both the Standardized 
 approach and the Advanced approaches. Effective October 1, 
 2024, the Corporation’s minimum CET1 requirements were 
 10.7 percent under the Standardized approach and 10.0 
 percent under the Advanced approaches. 
 The Corporation is required to calculate its G-SIB surcharge 
 on an annual basis under two methods and is subject to the 
 higher of the resulting two surcharges. Method 1 is consistent 
 with the approach prescribed by the Basel Committee’s 
 assessment methodology and is calculated using specified 
 indicators of systemic importance. Method 2 modifies the 
 Method 1 approach by, among other factors, including a 
 measure of the Corporation’s reliance on short-term wholesale 
 funding. The Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge, which is higher 
 under Method 2, is expected to increase to 3.5 percent from 
 3.0 percent on January 1, 2027, unless its surcharge calculated 
 as of December 31, 2025 is lower than 3.5 percent. At 
 December 31, 2024, the Corporation’s CET1 capital ratio of 
 11.9 percent under the Standardized approach exceeded its 
 CET1 capital ratio requirement. 
 The Corporation is also required to maintain a minimum 
 supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 3.0 percent plus a 
 leverage buffer of 2.0 percent in order to avoid certain 
 restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus 
 payments to executive officers. At December 31, 2024, our 
 insured depository institution subsidiaries exceeded their 
 requirement to maintain a minimum 6.0 percent SLR to be 
 considered well capitalized under the PCA framework. The 
 numerator of the SLR is quarter-end Basel 3 Tier 1 capital. The 
 denominator is total leverage exposure based on the daily 
 average of the sum of on-balance sheet exposures less 
 permitted deductions and the simple average of certain off 
 balance sheet exposures, as of the end of each month in a 
 quarter. 
 Capital Composition and Ratios 
 Table 10 presents Bank of America Corporation’s capital ratios 
 and 
 related 
 information 
 in 
 accordance 
 with 
 Basel 
 3 
 Standardized and Advanced approaches as measured at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. For the periods presented 
 herein, the Corporation met the definition of well capitalized 
 under current regulatory requirements. 
 Table 10 Bank of America Corporation Regulatory Capital under Basel 3 
 (Dollars in millions, except as noted) 
 Standardized 
 Approach (1) 
 Advanced 
 Approaches (1) 
 Regulatory 
 Minimum (2) 
 December 31, 2024 
 Risk-based capital metrics: 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 $ 
 201,083 
 $ 
 201,083 
 Tier 1 capital 
 223,458 
 223,458 
 Total capital (3) 
 255,363 
 244,809 
 Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 
 1,696 
 1,490 
 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
 11.9 % 
 13.5 % 
 10.7 % 
 Tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.2 
 15.0 
 12.2 
 Total capital ratio 
 15.1 
 16.4 
 14.2 
 Leverage-based metrics: 
 Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (4) 
 $ 
 3,240 
 $ 
 3,240 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 6.9 % 
 6.9 % 
 4.0 
 Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) 
 $ 
 3,818 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 5.9 % 
 5.0 
 December 31, 2023 
 Risk-based capital metrics: 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 $ 
 194,928 
 $ 
 194,928 
 Tier 1 capital 
 223,323 
 223,323 
 Total capital (3) 
 251,399 
 241,449 
 Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 
 1,651 
 1,459 
 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
 11.8 % 
 13.4 % 
 9.5 % 
 Tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.5 
 15.3 
 11.0 
 Total capital ratio 
 15.2 
 16.6 
 13.0 
 Leverage-based metrics: 
 Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (4) 
 $ 
 3,135 
 $ 
 3,135 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 7.1 % 
 7.1 % 
 4.0 
 Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) 
 $ 
 3,676 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 6.1 % 
 5.0 
 (1) Capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allows a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the current expected credit
 losses (CECL) accounting standard on January 1, 2020.
 (2) The CET1 capital regulatory minimum is the sum of the CET1 capital ratio minimum of 4.5 percent, our G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2.5 percent at December 31,
 2023, and SCB (under the Standardized approach) of 3.2 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2.5 percent at December 31, 2023. The countercyclical capital buffer was zero for both periods. The
 SLR regulatory minimum includes a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent.
 (3) Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit 
 losses. 
 (4) Reflects total average assets adjusted for certain Tier 1 capital deductions. 
 At December 31, 2024, CET1 capital was $201.1 billion, an
 increase of $6.2 billion from December 31, 2023, primarily due
 to earnings, partially offset by capital distributions. Tier 1 capital
 increased $135 million primarily driven by the increase in CET1
 capital, partially offset by preferred stock redemptions. Total
 capital under the Standardized approach increased $4.0 billion
 primarily due to an increase in subordinated debt, adjusted
 allowance for credit losses included in Tier 2 capital, and the
 increase in Tier 1 capital. RWA under
 the Standardized
 approach,
 which yielded the lower
 CET1 capital ratio at
 December 31, 2024, increased $44.5 billion during 2024 to
 $1,696 billion primarily driven by client activity in Global Markets
 and lending activity in GWIM, Global Banking and Consumer
 Banking. Supplementary leverage exposure at December 31,
 2024 increased $142.0 billion primarily driven by increased
 activity in Global Markets and ALM activities in All Other.

 Bank of America 2024
 95
Bank of America 2024
94
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 11 shows the capital composition at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 11 Capital Composition under Basel 3 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Total common shareholders’ equity 
 $ 
 272,400 
 $ 
 263,249 
 CECL transitional amount (1) 
 627 
 1,254 
 Goodwill, net of related deferred tax liabilities 
 (68,649) 
 (68,648) 
 Deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards 
 (8,097) 
 (7,912) 
 Intangibles, other than mortgage servicing rights, net of related deferred tax liabilities 
 (1,440) 
 (1,496) 
 Defined benefit pension plan net assets 
 (786) 
 (764) 
 Cumulative unrealized net (gain) loss related to changes in fair value of financial liabilities attributable to own creditworthiness, 
 net-of-tax 
 1,491 
 1,342 
 Accumulated net (gain) loss on certain cash flow hedges (2) 
 5,629 
 8,025 
 Other 
 (92) 
 (122) 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 201,083 
 194,928 
 Qualifying preferred stock, net of issuance cost 
 22,391 
 28,396 
 Other 
 (16) 
 (1) 
 Tier 1 capital 
 223,458 
 223,323 
 Tier 2 capital instruments 
 18,592 
 15,340 
 Qualifying allowance for credit losses (3) 
 13,558 
 12,920 
 Other 
 (245) 
 (184) 
 Total capital under the Standardized approach 
 255,363 
 251,399 
 Adjustment in qualifying allowance for credit losses under the Advanced approaches (3) 
 (10,554) 
 (9,950) 
 Total capital under the Advanced approaches 
 $ 
 244,809 
 $ 
 241,449 
 (1) December 31, 2024 and 2023 include 25 percent and 50 percent of the CECL transition provision’s impact as of December 31, 2021. 
 (2) Includes amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) related to the hedging of items that are not recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (3) Includes the impact of transition provisions related to the CECL accounting standard. 
 Table 12 shows the components of RWA as measured under Basel 3 at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 12 Risk-weighted Assets under Basel 3 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 Standardized 
 Approach 
 Advanced 
 Approaches 
 Standardized 
 Approach 
 Advanced 
 Approaches 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Credit risk 
 $ 
 1,623 
 $ 
 1,015 
 $ 
 1,580 
 $ 
 983 
 Market risk 
 73 
 73 
 71 
 71 
 Operational risk 
 n/a 
 359 
 n/a 
 361 
 Risks related to credit valuation adjustments 
 n/a 
 43 
 n/a 
 44 
 Total risk-weighted assets 
 $ 
 1,696 
 $ 
 1,490 
 $ 
 1,651 
 $ 
 1,459 
 n/a = not applicable 
 Bank of America, N.A. Regulatory Capital 
 Table 13 presents regulatory capital information for BANA in accordance with Basel 3 Standardized and Advanced approaches as
 measured at December 31, 2024 and 2023. BANA met the definition of well capitalized under the PCA framework for both periods.
 Table 13 Bank of America, N.A. Regulatory Capital under Basel 3 
 (Dollars in millions, except as noted) 
 Standardized 
 Approach (1) 
 Advanced 
 Approaches (1) 
 Regulatory 
 Minimum (2) 
 December 31, 2024 
 Risk-based capital metrics: 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 $ 
 194,341 
 $ 
 194,341 
 Tier 1 capital 
 194,341 
 194,341 
 Total capital (3) 
 209,256 
 198,923 
 Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 
 1,444 
 1,151 
 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.5 % 
 16.9 % 
 7.0 % 
 Tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.5 
 16.9 
 8.5 
 Total capital ratio 
 14.5 
 17.3 
 10.5 
 Leverage-based metrics: 
 Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (4) 
 $ 
 2,546 
 $ 
 2,546 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 7.6 % 
 7.6 % 
 5.0 
 Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) 
 $ 
 3,015 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 6.4 % 
 6.0 
 December 31, 2023 
 Risk-based capital metrics: 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 $ 
 187,621 
 $ 
 187,621 
 Tier 1 capital 
 187,621 
 187,621 
 Total capital (3) 
 201,932 
 192,175 
 Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 
 1,395 
 1,114 
 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.5 % 
 16.8 % 
 7.0 % 
 Tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.5 
 16.8 
 8.5 
 Total capital ratio 
 14.5 
 17.2 
 10.5 
 Leverage-based metrics: 
 Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (4) 
 $ 
 2,471 
 $ 
 2,471 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 7.6 % 
 7.6 % 
 5.0 
 Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) 
 $ 
 2,910 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 6.4 % 
 6.0 
 (1) Capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allows a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the CECL accounting standard
 on January 1, 2020.
 (2) Risk-based capital regulatory minimums at both December 31, 2024 and 2023 are the minimum ratios under Basel 3 including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent. The regulatory
 minimums for the leverage ratios as of both period ends are the percent required to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.
 (3) Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit 
 losses. 
 (4) Reflects total average assets adjusted for certain Tier 1 capital deductions. 
 Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity Requirements 
 Total 
 loss-absorbing 
 capacity 
 (TLAC) 
 consists 
 of 
 the 
 Corporation’s Tier 1 capital and eligible long-term debt issued 
 directly by the Corporation. Eligible long-term debt for TLAC 
 ratios is comprised of unsecured debt that has a remaining 
 maturity of at least one year and satisfies additional 
 requirements as prescribed in the TLAC final rule. As with the 
 risk-based capital ratios and SLR, the Corporation is required to 
 maintain TLAC ratios in excess of minimum requirements plus 
 applicable buffers to avoid restrictions on capital distributions 
 and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. Table 
 14 presents the Corporation's TLAC and long-term debt ratios 
 and related information as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
96
 97
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 14 Bank of America Corporation Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity and Long-Term Debt 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 TLAC (1) 
 Regulatory 
 Minimum (2) 
 Long-term 
 Debt 
 Regulatory 
 Minimum (3) 
 December 31, 2024 
 Total eligible balance 
 $ 
 459,857 
 $ 
 220,666 
 Percentage of risk-weighted assets (4) 
 27.1 % 
 22.0 % 
 13.0 % 
 9.0 % 
 Percentage of supplementary leverage exposure 
 12.0 
 9.5 
 5.8 
 4.5 
 December 31, 2023 
 Total eligible balance 
 $ 
 479,156 
 $ 
 239,892 
 Percentage of risk-weighted assets (4) 
 29.0 % 
 22.0 % 
 14.5 % 
 8.5 % 
 Percentage of supplementary leverage exposure 
 13.0 
 9.5 
 6.5 
 4.5 
 (1) As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, TLAC ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allows a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the CECL accounting standard
 on January 1, 2020.
 (2) The TLAC RWA regulatory minimum consists of 18.0 percent plus a TLAC RWA buffer comprised of 2.5 percent plus the Method 1 G-SIB surcharge of 1.5 percent. The countercyclical buffer is zero
 for both periods. The TLAC supplementary leverage exposure regulatory minimum consists of 7.5 percent plus a 2.0 percent TLAC leverage buffer. The TLAC RWA and leverage buffers must be
 comprised solely of CET1 capital and Tier 1 capital, respectively.
 (3) The long-term debt RWA regulatory minimum is comprised of 6.0 percent plus the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2.5 percent at December 31, 2023.
 The long-term debt leverage exposure regulatory minimum is 4.5 percent. Effective January 1, 2024, the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge, which is higher under Method 2, increased 50 bps,
 resulting in an increase in our long-term debt RWA regulatory minimum requirement to 9.0 percent from 8.5 percent.
 (4) The approach that yields the higher RWA is used to calculate TLAC and long-term debt ratios, which was the Standardized approach as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Regulatory Capital and Securities Regulation 
 The Corporation’s principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are 
 BofA Securities, Inc. (BofAS) and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & 
 Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). The Corporation's principal 
 European subsidiaries undertaking broker-dealer activities are 
 Merrill Lynch International (MLI) and BofA Securities Europe SA 
 (BofASE). 
 The U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the net
 capital requirements of Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act.
 BofAS computes its capital requirements as an alternative net
 capital broker-dealer
 under
 Rule 15c3-1e,
 and MLPF&S
 computes its capital requirements in accordance with the
 alternative standard under Rule 15c3-1. BofAS is registered as
 a futures commission merchant and is subject to Commodity
 Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Regulation 1.17. The U.S.
 broker-dealer subsidiaries are also registered with the Financial
 Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). Pursuant to FINRA
 Rule 4110, FINRA may impose higher net capital requirements
 than Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act with respect to each
 of the broker-dealers.
 BofAS provides institutional services, and in accordance with
 the alternative net capital requirements, is required to maintain
 tentative net capital in excess of $5.0 billion and net capital in
 excess of the greater of $1.0 billion or a certain percentage of
 its reserve requirement in addition to a certain percentage of
 securities-based swap risk margin. BofAS must also notify the
 SEC in the event its tentative net capital is less than $6.0
 billion. BofAS is also required to hold a certain percentage of its
 customers' and affiliates' risk-based margin in order to meet its
 CFTC minimum net capital requirement. At December 31, 2024,
 BofAS had tentative net capital of $23.6 billion. BofAS also had
 regulatory net capital of $21.0 billion, which exceeded the
 minimum requirement of $4.5 billion.
 MLPF&S provides retail services. At December 31, 2024, 
 MLPF&S' regulatory net capital was $7.2 billion, which exceeded 
 the minimum requirement of $155 million. 
 Our European broker-dealers are subject to requirements 
 from U.S. and non-U.S. regulators. MLI, a U.K. investment firm, 
 is regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and the 
 Financial Conduct Authority and is subject to certain regulatory 
 capital requirements. At December 31, 2024, MLI’s capital 
 resources were $33.8 billion, which exceeded the minimum 
 Pillar 1 requirement of $11.0 billion. 
 BofASE, an authorized credit institution with its head office
 located in France, is regulated by the Autorité de Contrôle
 Prudentiel et de Résolution and the Autorité des Marchés
 Financiers,
 and supervised under
 the Single Supervisory
 Mechanism by the European Central Bank. At December 31,
 2024, BofASE's capital resources were $10.9 billion, which
 exceeded the minimum Pillar 1 requirement of $3.3 billion.
 In addition, MLI and BofASE remained conditionally 
 registered with the SEC as security-based swap dealers, and 
 maintained net liquid assets at December 31, 2024 that 
 exceeded the applicable minimum requirements under the 
 Exchange Act. The entities are also registered as swap dealers 
 with the CFTC and met applicable capital requirements at 
 December 31, 2024. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Funding and Liquidity Risk Management 
 Our primary liquidity risk management objective is to meet 
 expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral requirements, 
 including 
 payments 
 under 
 long-term 
 debt 
 agreements, 
 commitments 
 to 
 extend 
 credit 
 and 
 customer 
 deposit 
 withdrawals, while continuing to support our businesses and 
 customers under a range of economic conditions. To achieve 
 that objective, we analyze and monitor our liquidity risk under 
 expected and stressed conditions, maintain liquidity and access 
 to diverse funding sources, including our stable deposit base, 
 and seek to align liquidity-related incentives and risks. These 
 liquidity risk management practices have allowed us to 
 effectively manage market fluctuations from the elevated 
 interest rate environment, inflationary pressures and changes in 
 the macroeconomic environment. 
 We define liquidity as readily available assets, limited to 
 cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities that we 
 can use to meet our contractual and contingent financial 
 obligations as they arise. We manage our liquidity position 
 through line-of-business and ALM activities, as well as through 
 our legal entity funding strategy, on both a forward and current 
 (including intraday) basis under both expected and stressed 
 conditions. We believe that a centralized approach to funding 
 and liquidity management enhances our ability to monitor 
 liquidity requirements, maximizes access to funding sources, 
 minimizes borrowing costs and facilitates timely responses to 
 liquidity events. 
 We provide centralized funding and liquidity management 
 through a variety of activities, including monitoring of 
 established limits and liquidity risk appetites, reviews of liquidity 
 risk management controls and production, and reviews of 
 regulatory and internally defined liquidity risk metrics. In 
 addition, GRM provides oversight of centralized liquidity and 
 funding management as well as oversight of liquidity 
 management across FLUs and legal entities. GRM oversees the 
 liquidity risk management governance structure, establishes 
 liquidity risk policies, reports and monitors liquidity risk limits 
 and provides review and challenge of the Corporation's liquidity 
 risk management processes. 
 The Board, its risk committee and various management 
 committees oversee the Corporation’s liquidity activities and 
 risk governance. The Board and/or ERC approve our liquidity risk 
 policy, Financial Contingency and Recovery Plan and liquidity risk 
 appetite limits. Management committees responsible for 
 liquidity governance include the Corporation’s Management Risk 
 Committee, Asset and Liability Governance Committee, Liquidity 
 Risk Committee and Asset and Liability Management Investment 
 Committee. For more information, see Managing Risk on page 
 88. Under this governance framework, we developed certain 
 funding and liquidity risk management practices which include: 
 maintaining liquidity at Bank of America Corporation (Parent) 
 and selected subsidiaries, including our bank subsidiaries and 
 other regulated entities; determining what amounts of liquidity 
 are appropriate for these entities based on analysis of debt 
 maturities and other potential cash outflows, including those 
 that we may experience during stressed market conditions; 
 diversifying funding sources, considering our asset profile and 
 legal entity structure; and performing contingency planning. 
 NB Holdings Corporation 
 Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company (Parent),
 which is a separate and distinct legal entity from our bank and
 nonbank subsidiaries, has an intercompany arrangement with
 our wholly-owned holding company subsidiary, NB Holdings
 Corporation (NB Holdings). We have transferred, and agreed to
 transfer,
 additional Parent
 assets not
 required to satisfy
 anticipated near-term expenditures to NB Holdings. The Parent
 is expected to continue to have access to the same flow of
 dividends, interest and other amounts of cash necessary to
 service its debt, pay dividends and perform other obligations as
 it would have had it not entered into these arrangements and
 transferred any
 assets.
 These arrangements support
 our
 preferred single point of entry resolution strategy, under which
 only the Parent would be resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy
 Code.
 In consideration for the transfer of assets, NB Holdings 
 issued a subordinated note to the Parent in a principal amount 
 equal to the value of the transferred assets. The aggregate 
 principal amount of the note will increase by the amount of any 
 future asset transfers. NB Holdings also provided the Parent 
 with a committed line of credit that allows the Parent to draw 
 funds necessary to service near-term cash needs. These 
 arrangements support our preferred single point of entry 
 resolution strategy, under which only the Parent would be 
 resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. These arrangements 
 include provisions to terminate the line of credit, forgive the 
 subordinated note and require the Parent to transfer its 
 remaining financial assets to NB Holdings if our projected 
 liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolution of the 
 Parent becomes imminent. 
 Global Liquidity Sources and Other Unencumbered Assets 
 We maintain liquidity available to the Corporation, including the 
 Parent and selected subsidiaries, in the form of cash and high 
 quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. Our liquidity buffer, 
 referred to as Global Liquidity Sources (GLS), is comprised of 
 assets that are readily available to the Parent and selected 
 subsidiaries, including holding company, bank and broker-dealer 
 subsidiaries, even during stressed market conditions. Our cash 
 is primarily on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank and, to a 
 lesser extent, central banks outside of the U.S. We limit the 
 composition of high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities to 
 U.S. government securities, U.S. agency securities, U.S. agency 
 mortgage-backed 
 securities 
 and 
 other 
 investment-grade 
 securities, and a select group of non-U.S. government 
 securities. We can obtain cash for these securities, even in 
 stressed conditions, through repurchase agreements or outright 
 sales. We hold our GLS in legal entities that allow us to meet 
 the liquidity requirements of our global businesses, and we 
 consider the impact of potential regulatory, tax, legal and other 
 restrictions that could limit the transferability of funds among 
 entities. 
 Table 15 presents average GLS for the three months ended 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 15 Average Global Liquidity Sources 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 Three Months Ended 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Bank entities 
 $ 
 777 
 $ 
 735 
 Nonbank and other entities (1) 
 176 
 162 
 Total Average Global Liquidity Sources 
 $ 
 953 
 $ 
 897 
 (1) Nonbank includes Parent, NB Holdings and other regulated entities. 
 Our bank subsidiaries’ liquidity is primarily driven by deposit
 and lending activity, as well as securities valuation and net debt
 activity.
 Bank subsidiaries can also generate incremental
 liquidity by pledging a range of unencumbered loans and
 securities to certain FHLBs and the Federal Reserve Discount
 Window. The cash we could have obtained by borrowing against
 this pool of specifically-identified eligible assets was $328
 billion and $312 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. We
 have established operational procedures to enable us to borrow
 against these assets, including regularly monitoring our total
 pool of eligible loans and securities collateral. Eligibility is
 defined in guidelines from the FHLBs and the Federal Reserve
 and is subject to change at their discretion. Due to regulatory
 restrictions, liquidity generated by the bank subsidiaries can
 generally be used only to fund obligations within the bank
 subsidiaries,
 and transfers to the Parent
 or
 nonbank
 subsidiaries may be subject to prior regulatory approval.
 Liquidity is also held in nonbank entities, including the 
 Parent, NB Holdings and other regulated entities. The Parent 
 and NB Holdings liquidity is typically in the form of cash 
 deposited at BANA, which is excluded from the liquidity at bank 
 subsidiaries, and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. 
 Liquidity held in other regulated entities, comprised primarily of 
 broker-dealer subsidiaries, is primarily available to meet the 
 obligations of that entity, and transfers to the Parent or to any 
 other subsidiary may be subject to prior regulatory approval due 
 to regulatory restrictions and minimum requirements. Our other 
 regulated entities also hold unencumbered investment-grade 
 securities and equities that we believe could be used to 
 generate additional liquidity. 
 Table 16 presents the composition of average GLS for the 
 three months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
98
 99
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 16 Average Global Liquidity Sources Composition 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 Three Months Ended 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Cash on deposit 
 $ 
 315 
 $ 
 380 
 U.S. Treasury securities 
 313 
 197 
 U.S. agency securities, mortgage-backed 
 securities, and other investment-grade 
 securities 
 296 
 299 
 Non-U.S. government securities 
 29 
 21 
 Total Average Global Liquidity Sources 
 $ 
 953 
 $ 
 897 
 Our GLS are substantially the same in composition to what
 qualifies as High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) under the final
 U.S. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) rules. However, HQLA for
 purposes of calculating LCR is not reported at market value, but
 at a lower value that incorporates regulatory deductions and the
 exclusion of excess liquidity held at certain subsidiaries. The
 LCR is calculated as the amount of a financial institution’s
 unencumbered HQLA relative to the estimated net cash outflows
 the institution could encounter
 over
 a 30-day
 period of
 significant liquidity stress, expressed as a percentage. Our
 average consolidated HQLA, on a net basis, was $623 billion
 and $590 billion for the three months ended December 31,
 2024
 and 2023.
 For
 the same periods,
 the average
 consolidated LCR was 113 percent and 115 percent. Our LCR
 fluctuates due to normal business flows from customer activity.
 Liquidity Stress Analysis 
 We utilize liquidity stress analysis to assist us in determining 
 the appropriate amounts of liquidity to maintain at the Parent 
 and our subsidiaries to meet contractual and contingent cash 
 outflows under a range of scenarios. The scenarios we consider 
 and utilize incorporate market-wide and Corporation-specific 
 events, including potential credit rating downgrades for the 
 Parent and our subsidiaries, and more severe events including 
 potential resolution scenarios. The scenarios are based on our 
 historical experience, experience of distressed and failed 
 financial institutions, regulatory guidance, and both expected 
 and unexpected future events. 
 The types of potential contractual and contingent cash 
 outflows we consider in our scenarios may include, but are not 
 limited to, upcoming contractual maturities of unsecured debt 
 and reductions in new debt issuances; diminished access to 
 secured financing markets; potential deposit withdrawals; 
 increased draws on loan commitments, liquidity facilities and 
 letters of credit; additional collateral that counterparties could 
 call if our credit ratings were downgraded; collateral and margin 
 requirements arising from market value changes; and potential 
 liquidity required to maintain businesses and finance customer 
 activities. Changes in certain market factors, including, but not 
 limited to, credit rating downgrades, could negatively impact 
 potential contractual and contingent outflows and the related 
 financial instruments, and in some cases these impacts could 
 be material to our financial results. 
 We consider all sources of funds that we could access
 during each stress scenario and focus particularly on matching
 available sources with corresponding liquidity requirements by
 legal entity. We also use the stress modeling results to manage
 our asset and liability profile and establish limits and guidelines
 on certain funding sources and businesses.
 Net Stable Funding Ratio 
 The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) is a liquidity requirement
 for large banks to maintain a minimum level of stable funding
 over a one-year period. The requirement is intended to support
 the ability of banks to lend to households and businesses in
 both normal and adverse economic
 conditions and is
 complementary to the LCR, which focuses on short-term liquidity
 risks.
 The U.S.
 NSFR applies to the Corporation on a
 consolidated basis and to our insured depository institutions.
 For
 the three months ended September
 30,
 2024
 and
 December 31, 2024, the average consolidated NSFR was 121
 percent and 119 percent.
 Diversified Funding Sources 
 We fund our assets primarily with a mix of deposits, and 
 secured and unsecured liabilities through a centralized, globally 
 coordinated funding approach diversified across products, 
 programs, markets, currencies and investor groups. 
 The primary benefits of our centralized funding approach 
 include greater control, reduced funding costs, wider name 
 recognition by investors and greater flexibility to meet the 
 variable 
 funding 
 requirements 
 of 
 subsidiaries. 
 Where 
 regulations, 
 time 
 zone 
 differences 
 or 
 other 
 business 
 considerations make Parent funding impractical, certain other 
 subsidiaries may issue their own debt. 
 We fund a substantial portion of our lending activities
 through our deposits, which were $1.97 trillion and $1.92
 trillion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. Deposits are primarily
 generated by our Consumer Banking, GWIM and Global Banking
 segments. These deposits are diversified by clients, product
 type and geography, and the majority of our U.S. deposits are
 insured by the FDIC.
 At December 31, 2024, 48 percent of our deposits were in
 Consumer Banking, 15 percent in GWIM and 29 percent in
 Global Banking. As of the same period, approximately 68
 percent of consumer and small business deposits and 79
 percent of U.S. deposits in Global Banking were held by clients
 who have had accounts with us for 10 or more years. In
 addition, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 27 percent and 28
 percent of our deposits were noninterest bearing and included
 operating accounts of our consumer and commercial clients.
 During the three months ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
 rates paid on deposits were 64 bps and 47 bps in Consumer
 Banking, 275 bps and 287 bps in GWIM, and 297 bps and 296
 bps in Global Banking. For information on annual rates paid on
 consolidated deposit balances, see Table 8 on page 76.
 We consider a substantial portion of our deposit base to be 
 a stable, low-cost and consistent source of funding. We believe 
 this deposit funding is generally less sensitive to interest rate 
 changes, market volatility or changes in our credit ratings than 
 wholesale funding sources. Our lending activities may also be 
 financed through secured borrowings, including credit card 
 securitizations and securitizations with government-sponsored 
 enterprises (GSE), the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and 
 private-label investors, as well as FHLB loans. 
 Our trading activities in other regulated entities are primarily 
 funded on a secured basis through securities lending and 
 repurchase agreements, and these amounts will vary based on 
 customer activity and market conditions. We believe funding 
 these activities in the secured financing markets is more cost 
 efficient and less sensitive to changes in our credit ratings than 
 unsecured financing. Repurchase agreements are generally 
 short-term and often overnight. Disruptions in secured financing 
 markets for financial institutions have occurred in prior market 
 cycles which resulted in adverse changes in terms or significant 
 reductions in the availability of such financing. We manage the 
 liquidity risks arising from secured funding by sourcing funding 
 globally from a diverse group of counterparties, providing a 
 range of securities collateral and pursuing longer durations, 
 when appropriate. For more information on secured financing 
 agreements, see Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, 
 Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash to the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Total long-term debt decreased $18.9 billion to $283.3 
 billion 
 during 
 2024, 
 primarily 
 due 
 to 
 maturities 
 and 
 redemptions, partially offset by debt issuances and valuation 
 adjustments. We may, from time to time, purchase outstanding 
 debt instruments in various transactions, depending on market 
 conditions, liquidity and other factors. Our other regulated 
 entities may also make markets in our debt instruments to 
 provide liquidity for investors. 
 At December 31, 2024, Bank of America Corporation's 
 senior notes of $180.3 billion included $167.5 billion of 
 outstanding notes, substantially all of which are both TLAC 
 eligible and callable at least one year before their stated 
 maturities. Of these senior notes, $22.1 billion will be callable 
 and become TLAC ineligible during 2025, and $21.6 billion, 
 $24.9 billion, $19.5 billion and $8.0 billion will do so during 
 each of 2026 through 2029, respectively, and $71.4 billion 
 thereafter. 
 We issue long-term unsecured debt in a variety of maturities 
 and currencies to achieve cost-efficient funding and to maintain 
 an appropriate maturity profile. While the cost and availability of 
 unsecured funding may be negatively impacted by general 
 market conditions or by matters specific to the financial 
 services industry or the Corporation, we seek to mitigate 
 refinancing risk by actively managing the amount of our 
 borrowings that we anticipate will mature within any month or 
 quarter. We may issue unsecured debt in the form of structured 
 notes for client purposes, certain of which qualify as TLAC 
 eligible debt. During 2024, we issued $28.2 billion of structured 
 notes, which are debt obligations that pay investors returns 
 linked to other debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or 
 commodities. We typically hedge the returns we are obligated to 
 pay on these liabilities with derivatives and/or investments in 
 the underlying instruments, so that from a funding perspective, 
 the cost is similar to our other unsecured long-term debt. We 
 could be required to settle certain structured note obligations 
 for cash or other securities prior to maturity under certain 
 circumstances, which we consider for liquidity planning 
 purposes. We believe, however, that a portion of such 
 borrowings will remain outstanding beyond the earliest put or 
 redemption date. 
 Substantially all of our senior and subordinated debt 
 obligations contain no provisions that could trigger a 
 requirement for an early repayment, require additional collateral 
 support, result in changes to terms, accelerate maturity or 
 create additional financial obligations upon an adverse change 
 in our credit ratings, financial ratios, earnings, cash flows or 
 stock price. For more information on long-term debt funding, 
 including issuances and maturities and redemptions, see Note 
 11 – Long-term Debt to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We use derivative transactions to manage the duration,
 interest rate and currency risks of our borrowings, considering
 the characteristics of the assets they are funding. For more
 information on our ALM activities, see Interest Rate Risk
 Management for the Banking Book on page 121.
 Uninsured Deposits 
 The FDIC insures the Corporation’s U.S. deposits up to 
 $250,000 per depositor, per insured bank for each account 
 ownership category, and various country-specific funds insure 
 non-U.S. deposits up to specified limits. Deposits that exceed 
 insurance limits are uninsured. At December 31, 2024, the 
 Corporation’s deposits totaled $1.97 trillion, of which total 
 estimated uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. deposits were $646.2 
 billion and $124.9 billion. At December 31, 2023, the 
 Corporation’s deposits totaled $1.92 trillion, of which total 
 estimated uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. deposits were $606.8 
 billion and $116.6 billion. Deposit balances exclude $16.9 
 billion and $14.8 billion of collateral received on certain 
 derivative contracts that are netted against the derivative asset 
 in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2024 and 
 2023. Estimated uninsured deposits presented in this section 
 reflect amounts disclosed in our regulatory reports, adjusted to 
 exclude related accrued interest and intercompany deposit 
 balances. 
 Table 17 presents information about the Corporation’s total 
 estimated uninsured time deposits. For more information on our 
 liquidity sources, see Global Liquidity Sources and Other 
 Unencumbered Assets, and for more information on deposits, 
 see Diversified Funding Sources in this section. For more 
 information on contractual time deposit maturities, see Note 9 – 
 Deposits to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table 17 Uninsured Time Deposits (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 U.S. 
 Non-U.S. 
 Total 
 Uninsured time deposits with a 
 maturity of: 
 3 months or less 
 $ 
 11,726 
 $ 
 7,891 
 $ 
 19,617 
 Over 3 months through 6 months 
 8,513 
 1,795 
 10,308 
 Over 6 months through 12 months 
 7,909 
 180 
 8,089 
 Over 12 months 
 762 
 3,182 
 3,944 
 Total 
 $ 
 28,910 
 $ 
 13,048 
 $ 
 41,958 
 (1) Amounts are estimated based on the regulatory methodologies defined by each local 
 jurisdiction. 
 Contingency Planning 
 We maintain contingency funding plans that outline our potential
 responses to liquidity stress events at various levels of severity.
 These policies and plans are based on stress scenarios and
 include potential funding strategies and communication and
 notification procedures that we would implement in the event we
 experienced stressed liquidity conditions. We periodically review
 and test the contingency funding plans to validate efficacy and
 assess readiness.
 Our U.S. bank subsidiaries can access contingency funding
 through the Federal Reserve Discount Window. Certain non-U.S.
 subsidiaries have access to central bank facilities in the
 jurisdictions in which they operate. While we do not rely on
 these sources in our liquidity modeling, we maintain the
 policies, procedures and governance processes that would
 enable us to access these sources if necessary.
 Credit Ratings 
 Our borrowing costs and ability to raise funds are impacted by
 our credit ratings. In addition, credit ratings may be important to
 customers or counterparties when we compete in certain
 markets and when we seek to engage in certain transactions,

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
100
 101
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 including over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. Thus, it is our 
 objective 
 to 
 maintain 
 high-quality 
 credit 
 ratings, 
 and 
 management maintains an active dialogue with the major rating 
 agencies. 
 Credit ratings and outlooks are opinions expressed by rating
 agencies on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or
 securities,
 including long-term
 debt,
 short-term
 borrowings,
 preferred 
 stock 
 and 
 other
 securities,
 including 
 asset
 securitizations. Our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review
 by the rating agencies, and they consider a number of factors,
 including our own financial strength, performance, prospects
 and operations as well as factors not under our control. The
 rating agencies could make adjustments to our ratings at any
 time, and they provide no assurances that they will maintain our
 ratings at current levels.
 Other factors that influence our credit ratings include 
 changes to the rating agencies’ methodologies for our industry 
 or certain security types; the rating agencies’ assessment of the 
 general operating environment for financial services companies; 
 our relative positions in the markets in which we compete; our 
 various risk exposures and risk management policies and 
 activities; pending litigation and other contingencies or potential 
 tail risks; our reputation; our liquidity position, diversity of 
 funding sources and funding costs; the current and expected 
 level and volatility of our earnings; our capital position and 
 capital management practices; our corporate governance; the 
 sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government; current or future 
 regulatory and legislative initiatives; and the agencies’ views on 
 whether the U.S. government would provide meaningful support 
 to the Corporation or its subsidiaries in a crisis. 
 The ratings and outlooks from Moody's Investors Service, 
 Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings for the 
 Corporation and its subsidiaries did not change during 2024. 
 Table 18 presents the Corporation’s current long-term/short 
 term senior debt ratings and outlooks expressed by the rating 
 agencies. 
 Table 18 Senior Debt Ratings 
 Moody’s Investors Service 
 Standard & Poor’s 
 l
Globa Ratings 
 Fitch Ratings 
 Long-term 
 Short-term 
 Outlook 
 Long-term 
 Short-term 
 Outlook 
 Long-term 
 Short-term 
 Outlook 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 A1 
 P-1 
 Stable 
 A- 
 A-2 
 Stable 
 AA- 
 F1+ 
 Stable 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 Aa1 
 P-1 
 Negative 
 A+ 
 A-1 
 Stable 
 AA 
 F1+ 
 Stable 
 Bank of America Europe Designated 
 Activity Company 
 NR 
 NR 
 NR 
 A+ 
 A-1 
 Stable 
 AA 
 F1+ 
 Stable 
 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
 Incorporated 
 NR 
 NR 
 NR 
 A+ 
 A-1 
 Stable 
 AA 
 F1+ 
 Stable 
 BofA Securities, Inc. 
 NR 
 NR 
 NR 
 A+ 
 A-1 
 Stable 
 AA 
 F1+ 
 Stable 
 Merrill Lynch International 
 NR 
 NR 
 NR 
 A+ 
 A-1 
 Stable 
 AA 
 F1+ 
 Stable 
 BofA Securities Europe SA 
 NR 
 NR 
 NR 
 A+ 
 A-1 
 Stable 
 AA 
 F1+ 
 Stable 
 NR = not rated 
 A reduction in certain of our credit ratings or the ratings of
 certain asset-backed securitizations may
 have a material
 adverse effect on our liquidity, potential loss of access to credit
 markets, the related cost of funds, our businesses and on
 certain revenues,
 particularly
 in those businesses where
 counterparty creditworthiness is critical. In addition, under the
 terms of certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading
 agreements, in the event of downgrades of our or our rated
 subsidiaries’
 credit
 ratings,
 the counterparties to those
 agreements may require us to provide additional collateral, or to
 terminate these contracts or agreements, which could cause us
 to sustain losses and/or adversely impact our liquidity. If the
 short-term credit ratings of our Parent, bank or broker-dealer
 subsidiaries were downgraded by one or more levels, the
 potential loss of access to short-term funding sources such as
 repo financing and the effect on our incremental cost of funds
 could be material.
 While certain potential impacts are contractual and 
 quantifiable, the full scope of the consequences of a credit 
 rating downgrade to a financial institution is inherently 
 uncertain, as it depends upon numerous dynamic, complex and 
 inter-related factors and assumptions, including whether any 
 downgrade of a company’s long-term credit ratings precipitates 
 downgrades to its short-term credit ratings, and assumptions 
 about the potential behaviors of various customers, investors 
 and counterparties. For more information on potential impacts 
 of credit rating downgrades, see Liquidity Risk – Liquidity Stress 
 Analysis on page 98. 
 For more information on additional collateral and termination
 payments that could be required in connection with certain over-
 the-counter derivative contracts and other trading agreements in
 the event of a credit rating downgrade, see Note 3 – Derivatives
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 1A. Risk
 Factors of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 Common Stock Dividends 
 For a summary of our declared quarterly cash dividends on 
 common stock during 2024 and through February 25, 2025, 
 see Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements. 
 Finance Subsidiary Issuers and Parent Guarantor 
 BofA Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (BofA 
 Finance), is a consolidated finance subsidiary of the Corporation 
 that has issued and sold, and is expected to continue to issue 
 and sell, its senior unsecured debt securities (Guaranteed 
 Notes) that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the 
 Corporation. The Corporation guarantees the due and punctual 
 payment, on demand, of amounts payable on the Guaranteed 
 Notes if not paid by BofA Finance. In addition, each of BAC 
 Capital Trust XIII, BAC Capital Trust XIV and BAC Capital Trust 
 XV, Delaware statutory trusts (collectively, the Trusts) is a 100 
 percent owned finance subsidiary of the Corporation that has 
 issued and sold trust preferred securities (the Trust Preferred 
 Securities) or capital securities (the Capital Securities and, 
 together with the Guaranteed Notes and the Trust Preferred 
 Securities, the Guaranteed Securities), as applicable, that 
 remained outstanding at December 31, 2024. The Corporation 
 guarantees the payment of amounts and distributions with 
 respect to the Trust Preferred Securities and Capital Securities 
 if not paid by the Trusts, to the extent of funds held by the 
 Trusts. This guarantee, together with the Corporation’s other 
 obligations with respect to the Trust Preferred Securities and 
 Capital 
 Securities, 
 effectively 
 constitutes 
 a 
 full 
 and 
 unconditional guarantee of the Trusts’ payment obligations on 
 the Trust Preferred Securities or Capital Securities, as 
 applicable. No other subsidiary of the Corporation guarantees 
 the Guaranteed Securities. 
 BofA Finance and each of the Trusts are finance 
 subsidiaries, have no independent assets, revenues or 
 operations and are dependent upon the Corporation and/or the 
 Corporation’s other subsidiaries to meet their respective 
 obligations under the Guaranteed Securities in the ordinary 
 course. If holders of the Guaranteed Securities make claims on 
 their Guaranteed Securities in a bankruptcy, resolution or 
 similar proceeding, any recoveries on those claims will be 
 limited to those available under the applicable guarantee by the 
 Corporation, as described above. 
 The Corporation is a holding company and depends upon its 
 subsidiaries for liquidity. Applicable laws and regulations and 
 intercompany arrangements entered into in connection with the 
 Corporation’s resolution plan could restrict the availability of 
 funds from subsidiaries to the Corporation, which could 
 adversely affect the Corporation’s ability to make payments 
 under its guarantees. In addition, the obligations of the 
 Corporation under the guarantees of the Guaranteed Securities 
 will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future 
 liabilities of its subsidiaries, and claimants should look only to 
 assets of the Corporation for payments. If the Corporation, as 
 guarantor of the Guaranteed Notes, transfers all or substantially 
 all of its assets to one or more direct or indirect majority-owned 
 subsidiaries, under the indenture governing the Guaranteed 
 Notes, the subsidiary or subsidiaries will not be required to 
 assume the Corporation’s obligations under its guarantee of the 
 Guaranteed Notes. 
 For more information on factors that may affect payments to
 holders of the Guaranteed Securities, see Liquidity Risk – NB
 Holdings Corporation in this section, Item 1. Business of our
 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 1A. Risk Factors of
 our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 Representations and Warranties Obligations 
 For information on representations and warranties obligations in 
 connection with the sale of mortgage loans, see Note 12 – 
 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements. 
 Credit Risk Management 
 Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure
 of a borrower or counterparty to meet its obligations. Credit risk
 can also arise from operational failures that result in an
 erroneous advance, commitment or investment of funds. We
 define the credit exposure to a borrower or counterparty as the
 loss potential arising from all product classifications including
 loans and leases, deposit overdrafts, derivatives, assets held
 for-sale and unfunded lending commitments, which include loan
 commitments,
 letters of
 credit
 and financial guarantees.
 Derivative positions are recorded at fair value, and assets held
 for-sale are recorded at either fair value or the lower of cost or
 fair
 value.
 Certain loans and unfunded commitments are
 accounted for under the fair value option. Credit risk for
 categories of assets carried at fair value is not accounted for as
 part of the allowance for credit losses but as part of the fair
 value adjustments recorded in earnings. For derivative positions,
 our credit risk is measured as the net cost in the event the
 counterparties with contracts in which we are in a gain position
 fail to perform under the terms of those contracts. We use the
 current fair value to represent credit exposure without giving
 consideration to future mark-to-market changes. The credit risk
 amounts take into consideration the effects of
 legally
 enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral. Our
 consumer
 and commercial credit
 extension and review
 procedures encompass funded and unfunded credit exposures.
 For
 more information on derivatives and credit
 extension
 commitments,
 see Note 3 – Derivatives
 and Note 12 –
 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.
 We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the 
 borrower or counterparty, repayment sources, the nature of 
 underlying collateral and other support given current events, 
 conditions and expectations. We classify our portfolios as either 
 consumer or commercial and monitor credit risk in each as 
 discussed below. 
 We refine our underwriting and credit risk management 
 practices as well as credit standards to meet the changing 
 economic environment. To mitigate losses and enhance 
 customer support in our consumer businesses, we have in 
 place collection programs and loan modification and customer 
 assistance infrastructures. We utilize a number of actions to 
 mitigate losses in the commercial businesses including 
 increasing the frequency and intensity of portfolio monitoring, 
 hedging activity and our practice of transferring management of 
 deteriorating commercial exposures to independent special 
 asset officers as credits enter criticized categories. 
 For information on our credit risk management activities, see
 the following: Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management on
 page 102, Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management on
 page 106, Non-U.S. Portfolio on page 112, Allowance for Credit
 Losses on page 115 and Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and
 Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements. For information on the Corporation’s loan
 modification programs, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant
 Accounting Principles and Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and
 Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements. For more information on the Corporation’s
 credit risks, see the Credit section within Item 1A. Risk Factors
 of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 During 2024, our net charge-off ratio increased primarily 
 driven by credit card loans and the commercial real estate office 
 portfolio. Commercial reservable criticized exposure increased 
 compared to December 31, 2023 driven by an increase across 
 a broad range of industries. Nonperforming loans also increased 
 compared to December 31, 2023 primarily driven by the U.S. 
 commercial portfolio. Uncertainty remains regarding broader 
 economic impacts due to higher costs associated with 
 inflationary pressures experienced over the past several years, 
 elevated rates as well as the current geopolitical environment, 
 and could lead to adverse impacts to credit quality metrics in 
 future periods. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
102
 103
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
 Credit risk management for the consumer portfolio begins with 
 initial underwriting and continues throughout a borrower’s credit 
 cycle. Statistical techniques in conjunction with experiential 
 judgment are used in all aspects of portfolio management 
 including underwriting, product pricing, risk appetite, setting 
 credit limits, and establishing operating processes and metrics 
 to quantify and balance risks and returns. Statistical models are 
 built using detailed behavioral information from external 
 sources, such as credit bureaus, and/or internal historical 
 experience and are a component of our consumer credit risk 
 management process. These models are used in part to assist 
 in making both new and ongoing credit decisions as well as 
 portfolio management strategies, including authorizations and 
 line management, collection practices and strategies, and 
 determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses and 
 allocated capital for credit risk. 
 Consumer Credit Portfolio 
 During 2024, the U.S. unemployment rate remained relatively
 stable, and home prices increased steadily throughout most of
 2024. Net charge-offs increased $1.1 billion to $4.2 billion in
 2024 primarily due to higher credit card loan charge-offs.
 The consumer allowance for loan and lease losses was $8.6 
 billion, relatively unchanged from 2023. For more information, 
 see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 115. 
 For more information on our accounting policies regarding 
 delinquencies, nonperforming status, charge-offs and loan 
 modifications for the consumer portfolio, see Note 1 – Summary 
 of Significant Accounting Principles and Note 5 – Outstanding 
 Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses to the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table 19 presents our outstanding consumer loans and 
 leases, consumer nonperforming loans and accruing consumer 
 loans past due 90 days or more. 
 Table 19 Consumer Credit Quality 
 Outstandings 
 Nonperforming 
 Accruing Past Due 
 90 
 s
Day or More 
 December 31 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Residential mortgage (1) 
 $ 
 228,199 
 $ 
 228,403 
 $ 
 2,052 
 $ 
 2,114 
 $ 
 229 
 $ 
 252 
 Home equity 
 25,737 
 25,527 
 409 
 450 
 —
 —
 Credit card 
 103,566 
 102,200 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 1,401 
 1,224 
 Direct/Indirect consumer (2) 
 107,122 
 103,468 
 186 
 148 
 1 
 2 
 Other consumer 
 151 
 124 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Consumer loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair 
 value option 
 $ 
 464,775 
 $ 
 459,722 
 $ 
 2,647 
 $ 
 2,712 
 $ 
 1,631 
 $ 
 1,478 
 Loans accounted for under the fair value option (3) 
 221 
 243 
 Total consumer loans and leases 
 $ 
 464,996 
 $ 
 459,965 
 Percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases (4) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 0.57 % 
 0.59 % 
 0.35 % 
 0.32 % 
 Percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases, 
 excluding fully-insured loan portfolios (4) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 0.58 
 0.60 
 0.31 
 0.27 
 (1) Residential mortgage loans accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, residential mortgage included $119 million and $156 million of loans on
 which interest had been curtailed by the FHA, and therefore were no longer accruing interest, although principal was still insured, and $110 million and $96 million of loans on which interest was
 still accruing.
 (2) Outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $54.9 billion and $53.9 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $48.7 billion and $46.0 billion at December
 31, 2024 and 2023, and non-U.S. consumer loans of $2.8 billion at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 (3) For more information on the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (4) Excludes consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, loans accounted for under the fair value option past due 90 days or more and not accruing
 interest were insignificant.
 n/a= not applicable 
 Table 20 presents net charge-offs and related ratios for consumer loans and leases. 
 Table 20 Consumer Net Charge-offs and Related Ratios 
 Net Charge-offs 
 Net Charge-off Ratios (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 16 
 — %
 0.01 % 
 Home equity 
 (41) 
 (59) 
 (0.16) 
 (0.23) 
 Credit card 
 3,745 
 2,561 
 3.75 
 2.66 
 Direct/Indirect consumer 
 239 
 92 
 0.23 
 0.09 
 Other consumer 
 295 
 480 
 n/m 
 n/m 
 Total 
 $ 
 4,238 
 $ 
 3,090 
 0.93 
 0.68 
 (1) Net charge-off ratios are calculated as net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans and leases, excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 n/m = not meaningful 
 We believe that the presentation of information adjusted to
 exclude the impact of the fully-insured loan portfolio and loans
 accounted for under the fair value option is more representative
 of the ongoing operations and credit quality of the business. As
 a result, in the following tables and discussions of the
 residential mortgage and home equity portfolios, we exclude
 loans accounted for under the fair value option and provide
 information that excludes the impact of the fully-insured loan
 portfolio in certain credit quality statistics.
 Residential Mortgage 
 The residential mortgage portfolio made up the largest
 percentage of our consumer loan portfolio at 49 percent of
 consumer loans and leases in 2024. Approximately 50 percent
 of the residential mortgage portfolio was in Consumer Banking,
 47 percent was in GWIM and the remaining portion was in All
 Other.
 Outstanding balances in the residential mortgage portfolio 
 decreased $204 million in 2024, as paydowns and payoffs 
 outpaced new originations. 
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the residential mortgage
 portfolio included $9.9 billion and $11.0 billion of outstanding
 fully-insured loans, of which $2.0 billion and $2.2 billion had
 FHA insurance, with the remainder protected by Fannie Mae
 long-term standby agreements.
 Table 21 presents certain residential mortgage key credit 
 statistics on both a reported basis and excluding the fully 
 insured loan portfolio. The following discussion presents the 
 residential mortgage portfolio excluding the fully-insured loan 
 portfolio. 
 Table 21 Residential Mortgage – Key Credit Statistics 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Reported Basis (1) 
 Excluding Fully-insured Loans (1) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Outstandings 
 $ 
 228,199 
 $ 
 228,403 
 $ 
 218,287 
 $ 
 217,439 
 Accruing past due 30 days or more 
 1,494 
 1,513 
 1,007 
 986 
 Accruing past due 90 days or more 
 229 
 252 
 —
 —
 Nonperforming loans (2) 
 2,052 
 2,114 
 2,052 
 2,114 
 Percent of portfolio 
 Refreshed LTV greater than 90 but less than or equal to 100 
 1% 
 1 % 
 1% 
 1 % 
 Refreshed LTV greater than 100 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Refreshed FICO below 620 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 1 
 (1) Outstandings, accruing past due, nonperforming loans and percentages of portfolio exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 (2) Includes loans that are contractually current that have not yet demonstrated a sustained period of payment performance following a modification. 
 Nonperforming outstanding balances in the residential 
 mortgage portfolio remained relatively unchanged in 2024. Of 
 the nonperforming residential mortgage loans at December 31, 
 2024, $1.2 billion, or 61 percent, were current on contractual 
 payments. Excluding fully-insured loans, loans accruing past due 
 30 days or more of $1.0 billion also remained relatively 
 unchanged. 
 Of the $218.3 billion in total residential mortgage loans 
 outstanding at December 31, 2024, $64.0 billion, or 29 
 percent, of loans were originated as interest-only. The 
 outstanding balance of interest-only residential mortgage loans 
 that had entered the amortization period was $3.6 billion, or six 
 percent, at December 31, 2024. Residential mortgage loans 
 that have entered the amortization period generally experience a 
 higher rate of early stage delinquencies and nonperforming 
 status compared to the residential mortgage portfolio as a 
 whole. At December 31, 2024, $65 million, or two percent, of 
 outstanding interest-only residential mortgages that had entered 
 the amortization period were accruing past due 30 days or more 
 compared to $1.0 billion, or less than one percent, for the 
 entire 
 residential 
 mortgage 
 portfolio. 
 In 
 addition, 
 at 
 December 31, 2024, $209 million, or six percent, of 
 outstanding interest-only residential mortgage loans that had 
 entered the amortization period were nonperforming, of which 
 $56 million were contractually current. Loans that have yet to 
 enter the amortization period in our interest-only residential 
 mortgage portfolio are primarily well-collateralized loans to our 
 wealth management clients and have an interest-only period of 
 three years to 10 years. Substantially all of these loans that 
 have yet to enter the amortization period will not be required to 
 make a fully-amortizing payment until 2026 or later. 
 Table 22 presents outstandings, nonperforming loans and 
 net charge-offs by certain state concentrations for the 
 residential mortgage portfolio. In the New York area, the New 
 York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island Metropolitan Statistical 
 Area (MSA) made up 15 percent of outstandings at both 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. The Los Angeles-Long Beach 
 Santa Ana MSA within California represented 14 percent of 
 outstandings at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
104
 105
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 22 Residential Mortgage State Concentrations 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Outstandings (1) 
 Nonperforming (1) 
 Net Charge-offs 
December 31 
 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 California 
 $ 
 81,729 
 $ 
 81,085 
 $ 
 602 
 $ 
 641 
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 3 
 New York 
 25,827 
 25,975 
 318 
 320 
 2 
 4 
 Florida 
 15,715 
 15,450 
 142 
 131 
 (4) 
 (2) 
 Texas 
 9,369 
 9,361 
 89 
 88 
 1 
 1 
 New Jersey 
 8,568 
 8,671 
 88 
 97 
 (2) 
 —
 Other 
 77,079 
 76,897 
 813 
 837 
 2 
 10 
 Residential mortgage loans 
 $ 
 218,287 
 $ 
 217,439 
 $ 
 2,052 
 $ 
 2,114 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 16 
 Fully-insured loan portfolio 
 9,912 
 10,964 
 Total residential mortgage loan portfolio 
 $ 
 228,199 
 $ 
 228,403 
 (1) Outstandings and nonperforming loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 Home Equity 
 At December 31, 2024, the home equity portfolio made up six
 percent of the consumer portfolio and was comprised of home
 equity lines of credit (HELOCs), home equity loans and reverse
 mortgages. HELOCs generally have an initial draw period of 10
 years, and after the initial draw period ends, the loans generally
 convert to 15- or 20-year amortizing loans. We no longer
 originate home equity loans or reverse mortgages.
 At December 31, 2024, 85 percent of the home equity
 portfolio was in Consumer Banking, 10 percent was in GWIM and
 the remainder of the portfolio was in All Other. Outstanding
 balances in the home equity portfolio increased $210 million in
 2024
 primarily
 due to draws on existing lines and new
 originations outpacing paydowns. Of the total home equity
 portfolio at December 31, 2024 and 2023, $9.2 billion and
 $10.1 billion, or 36 percent and 39 percent, were in first-lien
 positions. At December 31, 2024, outstanding balances in the
 home equity portfolio that were in a second-lien or more junior
 lien position and where we also held the first-lien loan totaled
 $4.5 billion, or 18 percent, of our total home equity portfolio.
 Unused HELOCs totaled $44.3 billion and $45.1 billion at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. The HELOC utilization rate was 
 36 percent and 35 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 23 presents certain home equity portfolio key credit 
 statistics. 
 Table 23 Home Equity – Key Credit Statistics (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Outstandings 
 $ 
 25,737 
 $ 
 25,527 
 Accruing past due 30 days or more 
 84 
 95 
 Nonperforming loans (2) 
 409 
 450 
 Percent of portfolio 
 Refreshed CLTV greater than 90 but less than or equal to 100 
 —%
 — %
 Refreshed CLTV greater than 100 
 —
 —
 Refreshed FICO below 620 
 2 
 3 
 (1) Outstandings, accruing past due, nonperforming loans and percentages of the portfolio exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 (2) Includes loans that are contractually current that have not yet demonstrated a sustained period of payment performance following a modification. 
 Nonperforming outstanding balances in the home equity
 portfolio 
 decreased
 $41 
 million
 to
 $409 
 million
 at
 December 31, 2024, primarily driven by returns to performing
 status and paydowns and payoffs outpacing new additions. Of
 the nonperforming home equity loans at December 31, 2024,
 $246 million, or 60 percent, were current on contractual
 payments. In addition, $83 million, or 20 percent, were 180
 days or more past due and had been written down to the
 estimated fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell. Accruing
 loans that were 30 days or more past due remained relatively
 unchanged in 2024 compared to 2023.
 Of
 the $25.7 billion
 in total home equity
 portfolio
 outstandings at December 31, 2024, as shown in Table 23,
 nine percent require interest-only payments. The outstanding
 balance of HELOCs that had reached the end of their draw
 period and entered the amortization period was $3.4 billion at
 December 31, 2024. The HELOCs that have entered the
 amortization period have experienced a higher percentage of
 early stage delinquencies and nonperforming status when
 compared to the HELOC portfolio as a whole. At December 31,
 2024, $30 million, or one percent, of outstanding HELOCs that
 had entered the amortization period were accruing past due 30
 days or more. In addition, at December 31, 2024, $244 million,
 or seven percent, were nonperforming.
 For our interest-only HELOC portfolio, we do not actively track
 how many of our home equity customers pay only the minimum
 amount due on their home equity loans and lines; however, we
 can infer some of this information through a review of our
 HELOC portfolio that we service and is still in its revolving
 period. During 2024, 15 percent of these customers with an
 outstanding balance did not pay any principal on their HELOCs.
 Table 24 presents outstandings, nonperforming balances
 and net recoveries by certain state concentrations for the home
 equity portfolio. In the New York area, the New York-Northern
 New Jersey-Long Island MSA made up 11 percent of the
 outstanding home equity portfolio at both December 31, 2024
 and 2023. The Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana MSA within
 California made up 11 percent
 and 10 percent
 of
 the
 outstanding home equity portfolio at December 31, 2024 and
 2023.
 Table 24 Home Equity State Concentrations 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Outstandings (1) 
 Nonperforming (1) 
 Net Charge-offs 
December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 California 
 $ 
 7,038 
$ 
 6,966 
 $ 
 102 
$ 
 109 
 $ 
 (8) $ 
 (6) 
 Florida 
 2,542 
 2,576 
 47 
 53 
 (7) 
 (12) 
 New Jersey 
 1,817 
 1,870 
 34 
 46 
 (5) 
 (5) 
 Texas 
 1,521 
 1,410 
 17 
 16 
 1 
 —
 New York 
 1,447 
 1,590 
 62 
 71 
 (4) 
 (10) 
 Other 
 11,372 
 11,115 
 147 
 155 
 (18) 
 (26) 
 Total home equity loan portfolio 
 $ 
 25,737 
$ 
 25,527 
 $ 
 409 
$ 
 450 
 $ 
 (41) $ 
 (59) 
 (1) Outstandings and nonperforming loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 Credit Card 
 At December 31, 2024, 96 percent of the credit card portfolio
 was managed in Consumer Banking with the remainder in GWIM.
 Outstandings in the credit card portfolio increased $1.4 billion
 during 2024 to $103.6 billion, primarily driven by higher
 purchase volumes. Net charge-offs increased $1.2 billion to
 $3.7 billion in 2024 compared to 2023. Credit card loans 30
 days or more past due increased $219 million, and 90 days or
 more past due increased $177 million at December 31, 2024.
 Unused lines of credit for credit card increased to $398.7 
 billion at December 31, 2024 from $390.2 billion at 
 December 31, 2023. 
 Table 25 presents certain state concentrations for the credit 
 card portfolio. 
 Table 25 Credit Card State Concentrations 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Outstandings 
 Past Due 
 90 Days or More 
 Net Charge-offs 
December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 California 
 $ 
 17,289 
 $ 
 16,952 
 $ 
 253 
 $ 
 216 
 $ 
 694 
 $ 
 457 
 Florida 
 10,794 
 10,521 
 199 
 168 
 518 
 343 
 Texas 
 9,121 
 8,978 
 142 
 125 
 369 
 245 
 New York 
 5,765 
 5,788 
 84 
 84 
 238 
 197 
 Washington 
 5,586 
 5,352 
 46 
 41 
 121 
 77 
 Other 
 55,011 
 54,609 
 677 
 590 
 1,805 
 1,242 
 Total credit card portfolio 
 $ 
 103,566 
 $ 
 102,200 
 $ 
 1,401 
 $ 
 1,224 
 $ 
 3,745 
 $ 
 2,561 
 Direct/Indirect Consumer 
 At December 31, 2024, 51 percent of the direct/indirect 
 portfolio was included in Consumer Banking (consumer auto and 
 recreational vehicle lending) and 49 percent was included in 
 GWIM (principally securities-based lending loans). Outstandings 
 in the direct/indirect portfolio increased $3.7 billion in 2024 to 
 $107.1 billion driven by increases in securities-based lending 
 and consumer auto. 
 Table 26 presents certain state concentrations for the 
 direct/indirect consumer loan portfolio. 
 Table 26 Direct/Indirect State Concentrations 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Outstandings 
 Nonperforming 
 Net Charge-offs 
December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 California 
 $ 
 16,017 
 $ 
 15,416 
 $ 
 38 
 $ 
 27 
 $ 
 58 
 $ 
 21 
 Florida 
 14,573 
 13,550 
 23 
 18 
 33 
 14 
 Texas 
 10,164 
 9,668 
 18 
 14 
 33 
 12 
 New York 
 7,820 
 7,335 
 15 
 11 
 15 
 6 
 New Jersey 
 4,429 
 4,376 
 7 
 5 
 8 
 2 
 Other 
 54,119 
 53,123 
 85 
 73 
 92 
 37 
 Total direct/indirect loan portfolio 
 $ 
 107,122 
 $ 
 103,468 
 $ 
 186 
 $ 
 148 
 $ 
 239 
 $ 
 92 
 Other Consumer 
 Other consumer primarily consists of deposit overdraft 
 balances. Net charge-offs decreased $185 million to $295 
 million in 2024 compared to 2023, primarily driven by lower 
 overdraft losses from fraud activity. 
 Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed 
 Properties Activity 
 Table 27 presents nonperforming consumer loans, leases and 
 foreclosed properties activity during 2024 and 2023. During 
 2024, nonperforming consumer loans of $2.6 billion remained 
 relatively unchanged. 
 At December 31, 2024, $459 million, or 17 percent, of
 nonperforming loans were 180 days or more past due and had
 been written down to their estimated property value less costs
 to sell. In addition, at December 31, 2024, $1.5 billion, or 58
 percent, of nonperforming consumer loans were current and
 classified as nonperforming loans in accordance with applicable
 policies.
 Foreclosed properties decreased $14 million in 2024 to $89 
 million. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
106
 107
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 , 
 Table 27 Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Nonperforming loans and leases, January 1 
 $ 
 2,712 
 $ 
 2,754 
 Additions 
 969 
 1,055 
 Reductions: 
 Paydowns and payoffs 
 (479) 
 (480) 
 Sales 
 (5) 
 (63) 
 Returns to performing status (1) 
 (489) 
 (475) 
 Charge-offs 
 (32) 
 (53) 
 Transfers to foreclosed properties 
 (29) 
 (26) 
 Total net reductions to nonperforming loans and leases 
 (65) 
 (42) 
 Total nonperforming loans and leases, December 31 
 2,647 
 2,712 
 Foreclosed properties, December 31 
 89 
 103 
 Nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties, December 31 (2) 
 $ 
 2,736 
 $ 
 2,815 
 Nonperforming consumer loans and leases as a percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases (3) 
 0.58 % 
 0.59 % 
 Nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties as a percentage of outstanding consumer loans, leases and 
 foreclosed properties (3) 
 0.60 
 0.61 
 (1) Consumer loans may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected, or when the loan
 otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection.
 (2) Includes repossessed non-real estate assets of $29 million and $20 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) Outstanding consumer loans and leases exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management 
 Credit risk management for the commercial portfolio begins with
 an assessment of the credit risk profile of the borrower or
 counterparty based on an analysis of its financial position. As
 part of the overall credit risk assessment, our commercial credit
 exposures are assigned a risk rating and are subject to approval
 based on defined credit approval standards. Subsequent to loan
 origination, risk ratings are monitored on an ongoing basis, and
 if necessary, adjusted to reflect changes in the financial
 condition, cash flow, risk profile or outlook of a borrower or
 counterparty. In making credit decisions, we consider risk rating,
 collateral, country, industry and single-name concentration limits
 while also balancing these considerations with the total
 borrower or counterparty relationship. We use a variety of tools
 to continuously monitor the ability of a borrower or counterparty
 to perform under its obligations. We use risk rating aggregations
 to measure and evaluate concentrations within portfolios. In
 addition, risk ratings are a factor in determining the level of
 allocated capital and the allowance for credit losses.
 As part of our ongoing risk mitigation initiatives, we attempt
 to work with clients experiencing financial difficulty to modify
 their loans to terms that better align with their current ability to
 pay. For more information on our accounting policies regarding
 delinquencies, nonperforming status and net charge-offs for the
 commercial portfolio, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant
 Accounting Principles to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
 Management of Commercial Credit Risk 
 Concentrations 
 Commercial credit risk is evaluated and managed with the goal
 that concentrations of credit exposure continue to be aligned
 with our risk appetite. We review, measure and manage
 concentrations of
 credit
 exposure by
 industry,
 product,
 geography, customer relationship and loan size. We also review,
 measure and manage commercial real estate loans by
 geographic location and property type. In addition, within our
 non-U.S. portfolio, we evaluate exposures by region and by
 country. Tables 32, 34 and 37 summarize our concentrations.
 We also utilize syndications of exposure to third parties, loan
 sales, hedging and other risk mitigation techniques to manage
 the size and risk profile of the commercial credit portfolio. For
 more information on our industry concentrations, see Table 34
 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Industry
 Concentrations on page 110.
 We account for certain large corporate loans and loan 
 commitments, including issued but unfunded letters of credit 
 which are considered utilized for credit risk management 
 purposes, that exceed our single-name credit risk concentration 
 guidelines under the fair value option. Lending commitments, 
 both funded and unfunded, are actively managed and 
 monitored, and as appropriate, credit risk for these lending 
 relationships may be mitigated through the use of credit 
 derivatives, with our credit view and market perspectives 
 determining the size and timing of the hedging activity. In 
 addition, we purchase credit protection to cover the funded 
 portion as well as the unfunded portion of certain other credit 
 exposures. To lessen the cost of obtaining our desired credit 
 protection levels, credit exposure may be added within an 
 industry, borrower or counterparty group by selling protection. 
 These credit derivatives do not meet the requirements for 
 treatment as accounting hedges. They are carried at fair value 
 with changes in fair value recorded in other income. 
 In addition, we are a member of various securities and
 derivative exchanges and clearinghouses, both in the U.S. and
 other countries. As a member, we may be required to pay a pro
 rata share of
 the losses incurred by
 some of
 these
 organizations as a result of another member default and under
 other loss scenarios. For more information, see Note 12 –
 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.
 Commercial Credit Portfolio 
 Outstanding commercial loans and leases increased $37.1 
 billion during 2024 due to growth in U.S. and Non-U.S. 
 commercial, primarily in Global Markets and Global Banking. 
 During 2024, commercial credit quality deteriorated as 
 reservable criticized utilized exposure increased across a broad 
 range of industries, and nonperforming commercial loans 
 increased primarily driven by U.S. commercial. Commercial net 
 charge-offs increased $1.1 billion to $1.8 billion during 2024 
 primarily due to higher losses in the commercial real estate 
 office portfolio and U.S. commercial portfolio. 
 With the exception of the office property type, which is
 further discussed in the Commercial Real Estate section herein,
 credit quality of commercial real estate borrowers has remained
 relatively stable since December 31, 2023; however, we are
 closely monitoring emerging trends and borrower performance in
 a higher interest rate environment. Recent demand for office
 space continues to be stagnant, and future demand for office
 space continues to be uncertain as companies evaluate space
 needs with employment models that utilize a mix of remote and
 conventional office use.
 The commercial allowance for loan and lease losses 
 decreased $152 million during 2024 to $4.7 billion. For more 
 information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 115. 
 Total commercial utilized credit exposure increased $43.2
 billion during 2024 to $739.5 billion primarily driven by higher
 loans and leases. The utilization rate for loans and leases,
 standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and financial guarantees, and
 commercial letters of credit, in the aggregate, was 55 percent at
 both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Table 28 presents commercial credit exposure by type for 
 utilized, unfunded and total binding committed credit exposure. 
 Commercial utilized credit exposure includes SBLCs and 
 financial guarantees and commercial letters of credit that have 
 been issued and for which we are legally bound to advance 
 funds under prescribed conditions during a specified time 
 period, and excludes exposure related to trading account 
 assets. Although funds have not yet been advanced, these 
 exposure types are considered utilized for credit risk 
 management purposes. 
 Table 28 Commercial Credit Exposure by Type 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Commercial Utilized (1) 
 Commercial Unfunded (2 , 3 , 4) 
 Total Commercial Committed 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Loans and leases 
 $ 
 630,839 
 $ 
 593,767 
 $ 
 535,675 
 $ 
 507,641 
 $ 
 1,166,514 
 $ 1,101,408 
 Derivative assets (5) 
 40,948 
 39,323 
 —
 —
 40,948 
 39,323 
 Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees 
 33,147 
 31,348 
 1,889 
 1,953 
 35,036 
 33,301 
 Debt securities and other investments 
 19,133 
 20,422 
 4,407 
 3,083 
 23,540 
 23,505 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 7,985 
 4,338 
 5,003 
 4,904 
 12,988 
 9,242 
 Operating leases 
 5,608 
 5,312 
 —
 —
 5,608 
 5,312 
 Commercial letters of credit 
 839 
 943 
 111 
 232 
 950 
 1,175 
 Other 
 1,004 
 846 
 —
 —
 1,004 
 846 
 Total 
 $ 
 739,503 
 $ 
 696,299 
 $ 
 547,085 
 $ 
 517,813 
 $ 
 1,286,588 
 $ 1,214,112 
 (1) Commercial utilized exposure includes loans of $4.0 billion and $3.3 billion accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (2) Commercial unfunded exposure includes commitments accounted for under the fair value option with a notional amount of $2.2 billion and $2.6 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) Excludes unused business card lines, which are not legally binding. 
 (4) Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments, net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts
 were $10.4 billion and $10.3 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 (5) Derivative assets are carried at fair value, reflect the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and have been reduced by cash collateral of $30.1 billion and $29.4 billion at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. Not reflected in utilized and committed exposure is additional non-cash derivative collateral held of $59.7 billion and $56.1 billion at December 31, 2024 and
 2023, which consists primarily of other marketable securities.
 Nonperforming commercial loans increased $555 million during 2024, primarily in U.S. commercial. Table 29 presents our
 commercial loans and leases portfolio and related credit quality information at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Table 29 Commercial Credit Quality 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Outstandings 
 Nonperforming 
 Accruing Past Due 
 90 Days or More 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Commercial and industrial: 
 U.S. commercial 
 $ 
 386,990 
 $ 
 358,931 
 $ 
 1,204 
 $ 
 636 
 $ 
 90 
 $ 
 51 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 137,518 
 124,581 
 8 
 175 
 4 
 4 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 524,508 
 483,512 
 1,212 
 811 
 94 
 55 
 Commercial real estate 
 65,730 
 72,878 
 2,068 
 1,927 
 6 
 32 
 Commercial lease financing 
 15,708 
 14,854 
 20 
 19 
 3 
 7 
 605,946 
 571,244 
 3,300 
 2,757 
 103 
 94 
 U.S. small business commercial (1) 
 20,865 
 19,197 
 28 
 16 
 197 
 184 
 Commercial loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair 
 value option 
 $ 
 626,811 
 $ 
 590,441 
 $ 
 3,328 
 $ 
 2,773 
 $ 
 300 
 $ 
 278 
 Loans accounted for under the fair value option (2) 
 4,028 
 3,326 
 Total commercial loans and leases 
 $ 
 630,839 
 $ 
 593,767 
 (1) Includes card-related products. 
 (2) Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option includes U.S. commercial of $2.8 billion and $2.2 billion and non-U.S. commercial of $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion at December 31
 2024 and 2023. For more information on the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
108
 109
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 30 presents net charge-offs and related ratios for our commercial loans and leases for 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 30 Commercial Net Charge-offs and Related Ratios 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Net Charge-offs 
 Net Charge-off Ratios (1) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Commercial and industrial: 
 U.S. commercial 
 $ 
 388 
 $ 
 124 
 0.11 % 
 0.03 % 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 67 
 19 
 0.05 
 0.02 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 455 
 143 
 0.09 
 0.03 
 Commercial real estate 
 864 
 245 
 1.24 
 0.34 
 Commercial lease financing 
 1 
 2 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 1,320 
 390 
 0.23 
 0.07 
 U.S. small business commercial 
 473 
 319 
 2.34 
 1.71 
 Total commercial 
 $ 
 1,793 
 $ 
 709 
 0.30 
 0.12 
 (1) Net charge-off ratios are calculated as annualized net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans and leases, excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 Table 31 presents commercial reservable criticized utilized 
 exposure by loan type. Criticized exposure corresponds to the 
 Special Mention, Substandard and Doubtful asset categories as 
 defined by regulatory authorities. Total commercial reservable 
 criticized utilized exposure increased $3.2 billion during 2024 
 primarily driven by commercial real estate and U.S. commercial. 
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, 91 percent and 89 percent of 
 commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure was secured. 
 Table 31 Commercial Reservable Criticized Utilized Exposure (1 , 2) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Commercial and industrial: 
 U.S. commercial 
 $ 
 13,387 
 3.23 % $ 
 12,006 
 3.12 % 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 1,955 
 1.37 
 1,787 
 1.37 
 Total commercial and industrial 
 15,342 
 2.75 
 13,793 
 2.68 
 Commercial real estate 
 10,168 
 15.17 
 8,749 
 11.80 
 Commercial lease financing 
 291 
 1.85 
 166 
 1.12 
 25,801 
 4.03 
 22,708 
 3.76 
 U.S. small business commercial 
 694 
 3.33 
 592 
 3.08 
 Total commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure 
 $ 
 26,495 
 4.01 
 $ 
 23,300 
 3.74 
 (1) Total commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure includes loans and leases of $25.5 billion and $22.5 billion and commercial letters of credit of $977 million and $795 million at December
 31, 2024 and 2023.
 (2) Percentages are calculated as commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure divided by total commercial reservable utilized exposure for each exposure category. 
 Commercial and Industrial 
 Commercial and industrial loans include U.S. commercial and 
 non-U.S. commercial portfolios. 
 U.S. Commercial 
 At December 31, 2024, 60 percent of the U.S. commercial loan 
 portfolio, excluding small business, was managed in Global 
 Banking, 23 percent in Global Markets, 15 percent in GWIM 
 (loans that provide financing for asset purchases, business 
 investments and other liquidity needs for high net worth clients) 
 and the remainder primarily in Consumer Banking. U.S. 
 commercial loans increased $28.1 billion, or eight percent, 
 during 2024 primarily driven by Global Markets and Global 
 Banking. Reservable criticized utilized exposure increased $1.4 
 billion, or 12 percent, driven by a broad range of industries. 
 Non-U.S. Commercial 
 At December 31, 2024, 56 percent of the non-U.S. commercial
 loan portfolio was managed in Global Banking, 43 percent in
 Global Markets and the remainder primarily in GWIM. Non-U.S.
 commercial loans increased $12.9 billion, or 10 percent, during
 2024 primarily driven by Global Markets. Reservable criticized
 utilized exposure increased $168 million, or nine percent. For
 information on the non-U.S. commercial portfolio, see Non-U.S.
 Portfolio on page 112.
 Commercial Real Estate 
 Commercial real estate primarily includes commercial loans
 secured by non-owner-occupied real estate and is dependent on
 the sale or lease of the real estate as the primary source of
 repayment. Outstanding loans decreased $7.1 billion, or 10
 percent, during 2024 to $65.7 billion driven by multiple property
 types, including office. The commercial real estate portfolio is
 primarily managed in Global Banking and consists of loans
 made primarily to public and private developers, and commercial
 real estate firms. The portfolio remains diversified across
 property types and geographic regions. California represented
 the largest state concentration at 21 percent and 20 percent of
 commercial real estate at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Reservable criticized utilized exposure increased $1.4 billion, 
 or 16 percent, during 2024 primarily driven by industrial/ 
 warehouse 
 and 
 multi-family 
 rental 
 loans. 
 Office 
 loans 
 represented the largest property type concentration at 23 
 percent of the commercial real estate portfolio at December 31, 
 2024, and approximately one percent of total loans for the 
 Corporation. This property type is roughly 75 percent Class A 
 and had an origination loan-to-value of approximately 55 
 percent. 
 Reservable criticized exposure for the office property type
 was $5.1 billion at December 31, 2024, representing a
 decrease of $398 million, or seven percent, from December 31,
 2023, with an aggregate loan-to-value of approximately 85
 percent based on property appraisals completed in the last
 twelve months. Approximately $5.1 billion of office loans are
 scheduled to mature by the end of 2025.
 During 2024, net charge-offs increased $619 million to 
 $864 million driven by office loans. We use a number of 
 proactive risk mitigation initiatives to reduce adversely rated 
 exposure in the commercial real estate portfolio, including 
 transfers of deteriorating exposures for management by 
 independent special asset officers and the pursuit of loan 
 restructurings or asset sales to achieve the best results for our 
 customers and the Corporation. 
 Table 32 presents outstanding commercial real estate loans 
 by geographic region, based on the geographic location of the 
 collateral, and by property type. 
 Table 32 Outstanding Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 By Geographic Region 
 Northeast 
 $ 
 14,708 
 $ 
 15,920 
 California 
 13,712 
 14,551 
 Southwest 
 7,719 
 9,318 
 Southeast 
 6,914 
 8,368 
 Florida 
 4,410 
 4,986 
 Illinois 
 2,996 
 3,361 
 Midsouth 
 2,487 
 2,785 
 Midwest 
 2,468 
 3,149 
 Northwest 
 1,979 
 2,095 
 Non-U.S. 
 6,109 
 6,052 
 Other 
 2,228 
 2,293 
 Total outstanding commercial real estate loans 
 $ 
 65,730 
 $ 
 72,878 
 By Property Type 
 Non-residential 
 Office 
 $ 
 15,061 
 $ 
 17,976 
 Industrial / Warehouse 
 13,166 
 14,746 
 Multi-family rental 
 11,022 
 10,606 
 Shopping centers / Retail 
 5,603 
 5,756 
 Hotel / Motels 
 4,680 
 5,665 
 Multi-use 
 2,162 
 2,681 
 Other 
 13,179 
 14,201 
 Total non-residential 
 64,873 
 71,631 
 Residential 
 857 
 1,247 
 Total outstanding commercial real estate loans 
 $ 
 65,730 
 $ 
 72,878 
 U.S. Small Business Commercial 
 The U.S. small business commercial loan portfolio is comprised
 of small business card loans and small business loans primarily
 managed in Consumer Banking. Credit card-related products
 were 53 percent and 54 percent of the U.S. small business
 commercial portfolio at December 31, 2024 and 2023 and
 represented 99 percent of net charge-offs for both 2024 and
 2023. Accruing past due 90 days or more increased $13 million
 in 2024 to $197 million.
 Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed 
 Properties Activity 
 Table 33 presents the nonperforming commercial loans, leases 
 and foreclosed properties activity during 2024 and 2023. 
 Nonperforming loans do not include loans accounted for under 
 the fair value option. During 2024, nonperforming commercial 
 loans and leases increased $555 million to $3.3 billion. At 
 December 31, 2024, nearly 100 percent of commercial 
 nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties were 
 secured, and 41 percent were contractually current. Commercial 
 nonperforming loans were carried at 88 percent of their unpaid 
 principal balance, as the carrying value of these loans has been 
 reduced to the estimated collateral value less costs to sell. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
110
 111
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 33 Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity (1 , 2) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Nonperforming loans and leases, January 1 
 $ 
 2,773 
 $ 
 1,054 
 Additions 
 3,914 
 2,863 
 Reductions: 
 Paydowns 
 (1,669) 
 (517) 
 Sales 
 (32) 
 (4) 
 Returns to performing status (3) 
 (182) 
 (106) 
 Charge-offs 
 (1,361) 
 (428) 
 Transfers to foreclosed properties 
 (115) 
 (23) 
 Transfers to loans held-for-sale 
 —
 (66) 
 Total net additions to nonperforming loans and leases 
 555 
 1,719 
 Total nonperforming loans and leases, December 31 
 3,328 
 2,773 
 Foreclosed properties, December 31 
 56 
 42 
 Nonperforming commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties, December 31 
 $ 
 3,384 
 $ 
 2,815 
 Nonperforming commercial loans and leases as a percentage of outstanding commercial loans and leases (4) 
 0.53 % 
 0.47 % 
 Nonperforming commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties as a percentage of outstanding commercial loans, leases and 
 foreclosed properties (4) 
 0.54 
 0.48 
 (1) Balances do not include nonperforming loans held-for-sale of $731 million and $161 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (2) Includes U.S. small business commercial activity. Small business card loans are excluded as they are not classified as nonperforming. 
 (3) Commercial loans and leases may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected,
 when the loan otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection, or when a modified loan demonstrates a sustained period of payment performance.
 (4) Outstanding commercial loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 Industry Concentrations 
 Table 34 presents commercial committed and utilized credit 
 exposure by industry. For information on net notional credit 
 protection purchased to hedge funded and unfunded exposures 
 for which we elected the fair value option, as well as certain 
 other credit exposures, see Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk 
 Management – Risk Mitigation. 
 Commercial credit exposure is diversified across a broad 
 range of industries. Total commercial committed exposure 
 increased $72.5 billion during 2024 to $1.3 trillion. The 
 increase in commercial committed exposure was concentrated 
 in Asset managers and funds, Finance companies and 
 Individuals and trusts. 
 Industry
 limits are used internally
 to manage industry
 concentrations and are based on committed exposure that is
 determined on an industry-by-industry basis. A risk management
 framework is in place to set and approve industry limits as well
 as to provide ongoing monitoring.
 Asset 
 managers 
 and 
 funds, 
 our 
 largest 
 industry 
 concentration with committed exposure of $193.9 billion, 
 increased $24.6 billion, or 15 percent, during 2024, which was 
 primarily driven by investment-grade exposures. 
 Finance 
 companies, 
 our 
 second 
 largest 
 industry 
 concentration with committed exposure of $101.8 billion, 
 increased $12.7 billion, or 14 percent, during 2024. The 
 increase in committed exposure was primarily driven by 
 increases in Consumer finance, Thrifts and mortgage finance 
 and Diversified financials. 
 Capital goods, our third largest industry concentration with 
 committed exposure of $98.8 billion, increased $1.7 billion, or 
 two percent, during 2024. The increase in committed exposure 
 was driven by increases in Trading companies and distributors, 
 Machinery, and Construction and engineering, partially offset by 
 a decrease in Industrial conglomerates. 
 Various macroeconomic challenges, including geopolitical 
 tensions, higher costs associated with inflationary pressures 
 experienced over the past several years and elevated interest 
 rates, have led to uncertainty in the U.S. and global economies 
 and have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely 
 impact, a number of industries. We continue to monitor all 
 industries, 
 particularly 
 higher 
 risk 
 industries 
 that 
 are 
 experiencing or could experience a more significant impact to 
 their financial condition. 
 Table 34 Commercial Credit Exposure by Industry (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Commercial 
 Utilized 
 Total Commercial 
 Committed (2) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Asset managers and funds 
 $ 
 118,123 
 $ 
 103,138 
 $ 
 193,947 
 $ 
 169,318 
 Finance companies 
 74,975 
 62,906 
 101,828 
 89,119 
 Capital goods 
 51,367 
 49,698 
 98,780 
 97,044 
 Real estate (3) 
 69,841 
 73,150 
 95,981 
 100,269 
 Healthcare equipment and services 
 35,964 
 35,037 
 65,819 
 61,766 
 Materials 
 26,797 
 25,223 
 58,128 
 55,296 
 Food, beverage and tobacco 
 25,763 
 23,865 
 54,370 
 49,426 
 Retailing 
 24,449 
 24,561 
 53,471 
 54,523 
 Consumer services 
 28,391 
 27,355 
 53,054 
 49,105 
 Individuals and trusts 
 35,457 
 32,481 
 50,353 
 43,938 
 Government and public education 
 32,682 
 31,051 
 48,204 
 45,873 
 Commercial services and supplies 
 24,409 
 22,642 
 43,451 
 41,473 
 Utilities 
 18,186 
 18,610 
 42,107 
 39,481 
 Transportation 
 24,135 
 24,200 
 35,743 
 36,267 
 Energy 
 13,857 
 12,450 
 35,510 
 36,996 
 Technology hardware and equipment 
 11,526 
 11,951 
 30,093 
 29,160 
 Software and services 
 11,158 
 9,830 
 27,383 
 22,381 
 Global commercial banks 
 22,641 
 22,749 
 25,220 
 25,684 
 Media 
 12,130 
 13,033 
 24,023 
 24,908 
 Vehicle dealers 
 18,194 
 16,283 
 23,855 
 22,570 
 Insurance 
 12,640 
 9,371 
 23,445 
 19,322 
 Consumer durables and apparel 
 8,987 
 9,184 
 21,823 
 20,732 
 Pharmaceuticals and biotechnology 
 7,378 
 6,852 
 21,717 
 22,169 
 Telecommunication services 
 8,571 
 9,224 
 18,759 
 17,269 
 Automobiles and components 
 8,172 
 7,049 
 16,268 
 16,459 
 Food and staples retailing 
 7,206 
 7,423 
 12,777 
 12,496 
 Financial markets infrastructure (clearinghouses) 
 4,219 
 4,229 
 6,413 
 6,503 
 Religious and social organizations 
 2,285 
 2,754 
 4,066 
 4,565 
 Total commercial credit exposure by industry 
 $ 
 739,503 
 $ 
 696,299 
 $ 
 1,286,588 
 $ 1,214,112 
 (1) Includes U.S. small business commercial exposure. 
 (2) Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments, net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts
 were $10.4 billion and $10.3 billion at both December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 (3) Industries are viewed from a variety of perspectives to best isolate the perceived risks. For purposes of this table, the real estate industry is defined based on the primary business activity of the
 borrowers or counterparties using operating cash flows and primary source of repayment as key factors.
 Risk Mitigation 
 We purchase credit protection to cover the funded portion as
 well as the unfunded portion of certain credit exposures. To
 lower the cost of obtaining our desired credit protection levels,
 we may add credit exposure within an industry, borrower or
 counterparty group by selling protection.
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, net notional credit default
 protection purchased in our credit derivatives portfolio to hedge
 our funded and unfunded exposures for which we elected the
 fair value option, as well as certain other credit exposures, was
 $10.4 billion and $10.9 billion. We recorded net losses of $87
 million in 2024 compared to net losses $185 million in 2023.
 The gains and losses on these instruments were largely offset
 by gains and losses on the related exposures. The Value-at-Risk
 (VaR) results for these exposures are included in the fair value
 option portfolio information in Table 41. For more information,
 see Trading Risk Management on page 118.
 Tables 35 and 36 present the maturity profiles and the 
 credit exposure debt ratings of the net credit default protection 
 portfolio at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 35 Net Credit Default Protection by Maturity 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Less than or equal to one year 
 24 % 
 36 % 
 Greater than one year and less than or equal 
 to five years 
 76 
 64 
 Total net credit default protection 
 100 % 
 100 % 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
112
 113
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 36 Net Credit Default Protection by Credit 
 Exposure Debt Rating 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Net 
 Notional (1) 
 Percent of 
 Total 
 Net 
 Notional (1) 
 Percent of 
 Total 
 December 31 
 24 
20
 23 
20
 Ratings (2 , 3) 
 AAA 
 $ 
 (120) 
 1.1 % $ 
 (479) 
 4.4 % 
 AA 
 (960) 
 9.2 
 (1,080) 
 9.9 
 A 
 (4,978) 
 47.7 
 (5,237) 
 48.2 
 BBB 
 (3,385) 
 32.4 
 (2,912) 
 26.8 
 BB 
 (526) 
 5.0 
 (698) 
 6.4 
 B 
 (385) 
 3.7 
 (419) 
 3.9 
 CCC and below 
 (82) 
 0.8 
 (52) 
 0.5 
 NR (4) 
 —
 0.1 
 2 
 (0.1) 
 Total net credit 
 default protection 
 $ (10,436) 
 100.0 % $ (10,875) 
 100.0 % 
 (1) Represents net credit default protection purchased. 
 (2) Ratings are refreshed on a quarterly basis. 
 (3) Ratings of BBB- or higher are considered to meet the definition of investment grade. 
 (4) NR is comprised of index positions held and any names that have not been rated. 
 In addition to our net notional credit default protection 
 purchased to cover the funded and unfunded portion of certain 
 credit exposures, credit derivatives are used for market-making 
 activities for clients and establishing positions intended to profit 
 from directional or relative value changes. We execute the 
 majority of our credit derivative trades in the OTC market with 
 large, multinational financial institutions, including broker 
 dealers and, to a lesser degree, with a variety of other 
 investors. Because these transactions are executed in the OTC 
 market, we are subject to settlement risk. We are also subject 
 to credit risk in the event that these counterparties fail to 
 perform under the terms of these contracts. In order to properly 
 reflect counterparty credit risk, we record counterparty credit risk 
 valuation adjustments on certain derivative assets, including our 
 purchased credit default protection. In most cases, credit 
 derivative transactions are executed on a daily margin basis. 
 Therefore, events such as a credit downgrade, depending on the 
 ultimate rating level, or a breach of credit covenants would 
 typically require an increase in the amount of collateral required 
 by the counterparty, where applicable, and/or allow us to take 
 additional protective measures such as early termination of all 
 trades. For more information on credit derivatives and 
 counterparty credit risk valuation adjustments, see Note 3 – 
 Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Non-U.S. Portfolio 
 Our non-U.S. credit and trading portfolios are subject to country
 risk. We define country risk as the risk of loss from unfavorable
 economic and political conditions, currency fluctuations, social
 instability
 and changes in government
 policies.
 A risk
 management framework is in place to measure, monitor and
 manage non-U.S. risk and exposures. In addition to the direct
 risk of doing business in a country, we also are exposed to
 indirect country risks (e.g., related to the collateral received on
 secured financing transactions or related to client clearing
 activities). These indirect exposures are managed in the normal
 course of business through credit, market and operational risk
 governance rather than through country risk governance.
 Table 37 presents our 20 largest non-U.S. country exposures
 at December 31, 2024. These exposures accounted for 89
 percent of our total non-U.S. exposure at both December 31,
 2024 and 2023. Net country exposure for these 20 countries
 increased $21.5 billion in 2024 primarily driven by increases in
 the United Kingdom and Canada.
 Non-U.S.
 exposure is presented on an internal risk
 management basis and includes sovereign and non-sovereign
 credit exposure, securities and other investments issued by or
 domiciled in countries other than the U.S.
 Funded loans and loan equivalents include loans, leases, 
 and other extensions of credit and funds, including letters of 
 credit and due from placements. Unfunded commitments are 
 the undrawn portion of legally binding commitments related to 
 loans and loan equivalents. Net counterparty exposure includes 
 the fair value of derivatives, including the counterparty risk 
 associated with credit default swaps (CDS), and secured 
 financing transactions. Securities and other investments are 
 carried at fair value and long securities exposures are netted 
 against short exposures with the same underlying issuer to, but 
 not below, zero. Net country exposure represents country 
 exposure less hedges and credit default protection purchased, 
 net of credit default protection sold. 
 Table 37 Top 20 Non-U.S. Countries Exposure 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Funded Loans 
 and Loan 
 Equivalents 
 Unfunded 
 Loan 
 Commitments 
 Net 
 Counterparty 
 Exposure 
 Securities/ 
 Other 
 Investments 
 Country 
 Exposure at 
 December 31 
 2024 
 Hedges and 
 Credit Default 
 Protection 
 Net Country 
 Exposure at 
 December 31 
 2024 
 Increase 
 (Decrease) 
 from 
 December 31 
 2023 
 United Kingdom 
 $ 
 35,704 
 $ 
 18,100 
 $ 
 3,757 
 $ 
 5,534 
 $ 
 63,095 
 $ 
 (1,050) $ 
 62,045 
 $ 
 6,110 
 Germany 
 25,504 
 10,348 
 1,329 
 2,194 
 39,375 
 (2,337) 
 37,038 
 1,383 
 Canada 
 15,522 
 11,672 
 1,475 
 3,209 
 31,878 
 (406) 
 31,472 
 3,457 
 France 
 14,184 
 8,894 
 1,318 
 2,789 
 27,185 
 (1,031) 
 26,154 
 1,296 
 Australia 
 14,587 
 4,357 
 1,381 
 2,207 
 22,532 
 (396) 
 22,136 
 814 
 Japan 
 12,063 
 1,852 
 1,460 
 4,361 
 19,736 
 (495) 
 19,241 
 2,267 
 Brazil 
 9,753 
 1,367 
 1,022 
 4,666 
 16,808 
 (70) 
 16,738 
 1,455 
 India 
 7,940 
 301 
 567 
 5,038 
 13,846 
 (60) 
 13,786 
 1,861 
 Switzerland 
 5,595 
 4,524 
 160 
 435 
 10,714 
 (113) 
 10,601 
 1,372 
 Singapore 
 3,914 
 576 
 290 
 5,134 
 9,914 
 (27) 
 9,887 
 (930) 
 China 
 4,765 
 310 
 935 
 3,428 
 9,438 
 (216) 
 9,222 
 710 
 South Korea 
 4,628 
 1,304 
 735 
 1,979 
 8,646 
 (203) 
 8,443 
 (17) 
 Ireland 
 6,161 
 1,777 
 84 
 398 
 8,420 
 (159) 
 8,261 
 (2,072) 
 Netherlands 
 3,239 
 3,471 
 485 
 1,232 
 8,427 
 (298) 
 8,129 
 980 
 Mexico 
 4,880 
 2,107 
 454 
 778 
 8,219 
 (177) 
 8,042 
 (877) 
 Italy 
 4,999 
 2,426 
 232 
 604 
 8,261 
 (372) 
 7,889 
 1,274 
 Spain 
 3,364 
 1,903 
 136 
 1,216 
 6,619 
 (516) 
 6,103 
 507 
 Hong Kong 
 2,785 
 585 
 635 
 1,128 
 5,133 
 (43) 
 5,090 
 (762) 
 Indonesia 
 1,051 
 —
 77 
 3,322 
 4,450 
 (29) 
 4,421 
 2,186 
 Sweden 
 1,390 
 1,792 
 103 
 364 
 3,649 
 (199) 
 3,450 
 436 
 Total top 20 non-U.S. 
 countries exposure 
 $ 
 182,028 
 $ 
 77,666 
 $ 
 16,635 
 $ 
 50,016 
 $ 
 326,345 
 $ 
 (8,197) $ 
 318,148 
 $ 
 21,450 
 Our largest non-U.S. country exposure at December 31, 2024 was the United Kingdom with net exposure of $62.0 billion, which
 increased $6.1 billion from December 31, 2023 primarily due to higher deposits with the central bank. Our second largest non-U.S.
 country exposure was Germany with net exposure of $37.0 billion at December 31, 2024, which increased $1.4 billion from
 December 31, 2023 primarily due to higher deposits with the central bank.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
114
 115
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Loan and Lease Contractual Maturities 
 Table 38 disaggregates total outstanding loans and leases by remaining scheduled principal due dates and interest rates. The
 amounts provided do not reflect prepayment assumptions or hedging activities related to the loan portfolio. For information on the
 asset sensitivity of our total banking book balance sheet, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 121.
 Table 38 Loan and Lease Contractual Maturities (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 Due in One 
 Year or Less 
 Due After One 
 Year Through 
 Five Years 
 Due After Five 
 Years Through 
 15 Years 
 Due After 15 
 Years 
 Total 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 5,802 
 $ 
 33,962 
 $ 
 97,133 
 $ 
 91,361 
 $ 
 228,258 
 Home equity 
 671 
 454 
 2,925 
 21,849 
 25,899 
 Credit card 
 103,566 
 —
 —
 —
 103,566 
 Direct/Indirect consumer 
 65,115 
 36,376 
 4,837 
 794 
 107,122 
 Other consumer 
 151 
 —
 —
 —
 151 
 Total consumer loans 
 175,305 
 70,792 
 104,895 
 114,004 
 464,996 
 U.S. commercial 
 123,161 
 245,135 
 19,112 
 2,352 
 389,760 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 49,233 
 56,511 
 29,282 
 3,750 
 138,776 
 Commercial real estate 
 27,212 
 37,097 
 1,415 
 6 
 65,730 
 Commercial lease financing 
 3,305 
 9,905 
 1,190 
 1,308 
 15,708 
 U.S. small business commercial 
 12,628 
 4,751 
 3,364 
 122 
 20,865 
 Total commercial loans 
 215,539 
 353,399 
 54,363 
 7,538 
 630,839 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 390,844 
 $ 
 424,191 
 $ 
 159,258 
 $ 
 121,542 
 $ 
 1,095,835 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Amount due in one year or less at: 
 Amount due after one year at: 
 Total 
 Variable Interest 
 Rates 
 Fixed Interest 
 Rates 
 Variable Interest 
 Rates 
 Fixed Interest 
 Rates 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 1,059 
 $ 
 4,743 
 $ 
 85,035 
 $ 
 137,421 
 $ 
 228,258 
 Home equity 
 150 
 521 
 22,666 
 2,562 
 25,899 
 Credit card 
 98,168 
 5,398 
 —
 —
 103,566 
 Direct/Indirect consumer 
 45,945 
 19,170 
 2,327 
 39,680 
 107,122 
 Other consumer 
 22 
 129 
 —
 —
 151 
 Total consumer loans 
 145,344 
 29,961 
 110,028 
 179,663 
 464,996 
 U.S. commercial 
 95,052 
 28,109 
 217,109 
 49,490 
 389,760 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 37,073 
 12,160 
 85,896 
 3,647 
 138,776 
 Commercial real estate 
 24,460 
 2,752 
 37,251 
 1,267 
 65,730 
 Commercial lease financing 
 320 
 2,985 
 2,201 
 10,202 
 15,708 
 U.S. small business commercial 
 7,684 
 4,944 
 122 
 8,115 
 20,865 
 Total commercial loans 
 164,589 
 50,950 
 342,579 
 72,721 
 630,839 
 Total loans and leases 
 $ 
 309,933 
 $ 
 80,911 
 $ 
 452,607 
 $ 
 252,384 
 $ 
 1,095,835 
 (1) Includes loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses decreased $215 million from
 December 31, 2023 to $14.3 billion at December 31, 2024,
 which included a $25 million
 reserve increase and a
 $240 million reserve decrease related to the consumer and
 commercial portfolios, respectively.
 Table 39 presents an allocation of the allowance for credit 
 losses by product type at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 39 Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses by Product Type 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Amount 
 Percent of 
 Total 
 Percent of 
 Loans and 
 Leases 
 Outstanding (1) 
 Amount 
 Percent of 
 Total 
 Percent of 
 Loans and 
 Leases 
 Outstanding (1) 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 264 
 1.99 % 
 0.12 % $ 
 339 
 2.54 % 
 0.15 % 
 Home equity 
 29 
 0.22 
 0.11 
 47 
 0.35 
 0.19 
 Credit card 
 7,515 
 56.76 
 7.26 
 7,346 
 55.06 
 7.19 
 Direct/Indirect consumer 
 700 
 5.29 
 0.65 
 715 
 5.36 
 0.69 
 Other consumer 
 62 
 0.47 
 n/m 
 73 
 0.55 
 n/m 
 Total consumer 
 8,570 
 64.73 
 1.84 
 8,520 
 63.86 
 1.85 
 U.S. commercial (2) 
 2,637 
 19.91 
 0.65 
 2,600 
 19.49 
 0.69 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 778 
 5.88 
 0.57 
 842 
 6.31 
 0.68 
 Commercial real estate 
 1,219 
 9.21 
 1.85 
 1,342 
 10.06 
 1.84 
 Commercial lease financing 
 36 
 0.27 
 0.23 
 38 
 0.28 
 0.26 
 Total commercial 
 4,670 
 35.27 
 0.75 
 4,822 
 36.14 
 0.82 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 13,240 
 100.00 % 
 1.21 
 13,342 
 100.00 % 
 1.27 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments 
 1,096 
 1,209 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 $ 
 14,336 
 $ 
 14,551 
 (1) Ratios are calculated as allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans and leases outstanding excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 (2) Includes allowance for loan and lease losses for U.S. small business commercial loans of $1.2 billion and $1.0 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 n/m = not meaningful 
 Net charge-offs for 2024 were $6.0 billion compared to $3.8
 billion in 2023 primarily due to credit card loans and the
 commercial real estate office portfolio. The provision for credit
 losses increased $1.4 billion to $5.8 billion during 2024
 compared to 2023. The provision for credit losses in 2024 was
 primarily driven by credit card as well as small business loan
 growth, and asset quality deterioration in the commercial real
 estate office and credit card portfolios. The provision for credit
 losses for the consumer portfolio, including unfunded lending
 commitments, decreased $267 million to $4.3 billion during
 2024 compared to 2023. The provision for credit losses for the
 commercial portfolio, including unfunded lending commitments,
 increased $1.7 billion to $1.6 billion during 2024 compared to
 2023.
 Table 40 presents a rollforward of the allowance for credit
 losses, including certain loan and allowance ratios for 2024 and
 2023. For more information on the Corporation’s credit loss
 accounting policies and activity related to the allowance for
 credit losses, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting
 Principles and Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and
 Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
116
 117
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 40 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 
 $ 
 13,342 
 $ 
 12,682 
 January 1, 2023 adoption of credit loss standard 
 n/a 
 (243) 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 
 $ 
 13,342 
 $ 
 12,439 
 Loans and leases charged off 
 Residential mortgage 
 (21) 
 (67) 
 Home equity 
 (21) 
 (36) 
 Credit card 
 (4,365) 
 (3,133) 
 Direct/Indirect consumer 
 (399) 
 (233) 
 Other consumer 
 (313) 
 (504) 
 Total consumer charge-offs 
 (5,119) 
 (3,973) 
 U.S. commercial (1) 
 (958) 
 (551) 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 (81) 
 (37) 
 Commercial real estate 
 (894) 
 (254) 
 Commercial lease financing 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 Total commercial charge-offs 
 (1,935) 
 (844) 
 Total loans and leases charged off 
 (7,054) 
 (4,817) 
 Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 
 Residential mortgage 
 21 
 51 
 Home equity 
 62 
 95 
 Credit card 
 620 
 572 
 Direct/Indirect consumer 
 160 
 141 
 Other consumer 
 18 
 24 
 Total consumer recoveries 
 881 
 883 
 U.S. commercial (2) 
 97 
 108 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 14 
 18 
 Commercial real estate 
 30 
 9 
 Commercial lease financing 
 1 
 —
 Total commercial recoveries 
 142 
 135 
 Total recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 
 1,023 
 1,018 
 Net charge-offs 
 (6,031) 
 (3,799) 
 Provision for loan and lease losses 
 5,935 
 4,725 
 Other 
 (6) 
 (23) 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 
 13,240 
 13,342 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 
 1,209 
 1,540 
 Provision for unfunded lending commitments 
 (114) 
 (331) 
 Other 
 1 
 —
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 
 1,096 
 1,209 
 Allowance for credit losses, December 31 
 $ 
 14,336 
 $ 
 14,551 
 Loan and allowance ratios (3) :
 Loans and leases outstanding at December 31 
 $ 1,091,586 
 $ 1,050,163 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding at December 31 
 1.21 % 
 1.27 % 
 Consumer allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total consumer loans and leases outstanding at December 31 
 1.84 
 1.85 
 Commercial allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total commercial loans and leases outstanding at December 31 
 0.75 
 0.82 
 Average loans and leases outstanding 
 $ 1,056,507 
 $ 1,041,824 
 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding 
 0.57 % 
 0.36 % 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 
 222 
 243 
 Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs 
 2.20 
 3.51 
 Amounts included in allowance for loan and lease losses for loans and leases that are excluded from nonperforming loans and 
 leases at December 31 (4) 
 $ 
 8,689 
 $ 
 8,357 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases, excluding the allowance for loan and
 lease losses for loans and leases that are excluded from nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 (4)
 76 % 
 91 % 
 (1) Includes U.S. small business commercial charge-offs of $519 million in 2024 compared to $360 million in 2023. 
 (2) Includes U.S. small business commercial recoveries of $46 million in 2024 compared to $41 million in 2023. 
 (3) Ratios are calculated as allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans and leases outstanding excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option. 
 (4) Primarily includes amounts related to credit card and unsecured consumer lending portfolios in Consumer Banking. 
 n/a = not applicable 
 Market Risk Management 
 Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions may
 adversely impact the value of assets or liabilities, or otherwise
 negatively impact earnings. This risk is inherent in the financial
 instruments associated with our operations, primarily within our
 Global Markets segment. We are also exposed to these risks in
 other areas of the Corporation (e.g., our ALM activities). In the
 event of market stress, these risks could have a material
 impact on our results. For more information, see Interest Rate
 Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 121.
 Our traditional banking loan and deposit products are non
 trading positions and are generally reported at amortized cost
 for assets or the amount owed for liabilities (historical cost).
 However, these positions are still subject to changes in
 economic value based on varying market conditions, with one of
 the primary risks being changes in the levels of interest rates.
 The risk of adverse changes in the economic value of our non
 trading positions arising from changes in interest rates is
 managed through our ALM activities. We have elected to
 account for certain assets and liabilities under the fair value
 option.
 Our trading positions are reported at fair value with changes
 reflected in income. Trading positions are subject to various
 changes in market-based risk factors. The majority of this risk is
 generated by our activities in the interest rate, foreign exchange,
 credit, equity and commodities markets. In addition, the values
 of assets and liabilities could change due to market liquidity,
 correlations across markets and expectations of
 market
 volatility. We seek to manage these risk exposures by using a
 variety of techniques that encompass a broad range of financial
 instruments.
 The key
 risk management
 techniques are
 discussed in more detail in the Trading Risk Management
 section.
 GRM is responsible for providing senior management with a 
 clear and comprehensive understanding of the trading risks to 
 which we are exposed. These responsibilities include ownership 
 of market risk policy, developing and maintaining quantitative 
 risk models, calculating aggregated risk measures, establishing 
 and monitoring position limits consistent with risk appetite, 
 conducting daily reviews and analysis of trading inventory, 
 approving material risk exposures and fulfilling regulatory 
 requirements. Market risks that impact businesses outside of 
 Global Markets are monitored and governed by their respective 
 governance functions. 
 Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from 
 decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and 
 reports. Given that models are used across the Corporation, 
 model risk impacts all risk types including credit, market and 
 operational risks. The Enterprise Model Risk Policy defines 
 model risk standards, consistent with our Risk Framework and 
 risk appetite, prevailing regulatory guidance and industry best 
 practice. All models, including risk management, valuation and 
 regulatory capital models, must meet certain validation criteria, 
 including effective challenge of the conceptual soundness of the 
 model, independent model testing and ongoing monitoring 
 through outcomes analysis and benchmarking. The Enterprise 
 Model Risk Committee, a subcommittee of the MRC, oversees 
 that model standards are consistent with model risk 
 requirements and monitors the effective challenge in the model 
 validation process across the Corporation. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk represents exposures to instruments whose 
 values vary with the level or volatility of interest rates. These 
 instruments include, but are not limited to, loans, debt 
 securities, 
 certain 
 trading-related 
 assets 
 and 
 liabilities, 
 deposits, borrowings and derivatives. Hedging instruments used 
 to mitigate these risks include derivatives such as options, 
 futures, forwards and swaps. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 Foreign exchange risk represents exposures to changes in the 
 values of current holdings and future cash flows denominated in 
 currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The types of instruments 
 exposed to this risk include investments in non-U.S. 
 subsidiaries, foreign currency-denominated loans and securities, 
 future cash flows in foreign currencies arising from foreign 
 exchange transactions, foreign currency-denominated debt and 
 various foreign exchange derivatives whose values fluctuate with 
 changes in the level or volatility of currency exchange rates or 
 non-U.S. interest rates. Hedging instruments used to mitigate 
 this risk include foreign exchange options, currency swaps, 
 futures, forwards, and foreign currency-denominated debt and 
 deposits. 
 Mortgage Risk 
 Mortgage risk represents exposures to changes in the values of 
 mortgage-related instruments. The values of these instruments 
 are sensitive to prepayment rates, mortgage rates, agency debt 
 ratings, default, market liquidity, government participation and 
 interest rate volatility. Our exposure to these instruments takes 
 several forms. For example, we trade and engage in market 
 making activities in a variety of mortgage securities including 
 whole loans, pass-through certificates, commercial mortgages 
 and collateralized mortgage obligations including collateralized 
 debt obligations using mortgages as underlying collateral. In 
 addition, we originate a variety of MBS, which involves the 
 accumulation of mortgage-related loans in anticipation of 
 eventual securitization, and we may hold positions in mortgage 
 securities and residential mortgage loans as part of the ALM 
 portfolio. We also record MSRs as part of our mortgage 
 origination activities. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this 
 risk include derivatives such as options, swaps, futures and 
 forwards as well as securities including MBS and U.S. Treasury 
 securities. For more information, see Mortgage Banking Risk 
 Management on page 123. 
 Equity Market Risk 
 Equity market risk represents exposures to securities that 
 represent an ownership interest in a corporation in the form of 
 domestic and foreign common stock or other equity-linked 
 instruments. Instruments that would lead to this exposure 
 include, but are not limited to, the following: common stock, 
 exchange-traded 
 funds, 
 American 
 Depositary 
 Receipts, 
 convertible bonds, listed equity options (puts and calls), OTC 
 equity options, equity total return swaps, equity index futures 
 and other equity derivative products. Hedging instruments used 
 to mitigate this risk include options, futures, swaps, convertible 
 bonds and cash positions. 
 Commodity Risk 
 Commodity risk represents exposures to instruments traded in
 the petroleum, natural gas, power and metals markets. These
 instruments consist primarily of futures, forwards, swaps and
 options. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
118
 119
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 options, futures and swaps in the same or similar commodity 
 product, as well as cash positions. 
 Issuer Credit Risk 
 Issuer credit risk represents exposures to changes in the 
 creditworthiness of individual issuers or groups of issuers. Our 
 portfolio is exposed to issuer credit risk where the value of an 
 asset may be adversely impacted by changes in the levels of 
 credit spreads, by credit migration or by defaults. Hedging 
 instruments used to mitigate this risk include bonds, CDS and 
 other credit fixed-income instruments. 
 Market Liquidity Risk 
 Market liquidity risk represents the risk that the level of
 expected market activity changes dramatically and, in certain
 cases, may even cease. This exposes us to the risk that we will
 not be able to transact business and execute trades in an
 orderly manner which may impact our results. This impact could
 be further
 exacerbated if
 expected hedging or
 pricing
 correlations are compromised by disproportionate demand or
 lack of demand for certain instruments. We utilize various risk
 mitigating techniques as discussed in more detail in Trading
 Risk Management.
 Trading Risk Management 
 To evaluate risks in our trading activities, we focus on the actual 
 and potential volatility of revenues generated by individual 
 positions as well as portfolios of positions. Various techniques 
 and procedures are utilized to enable the most complete 
 understanding of these risks. Quantitative measures of market 
 risk are evaluated on a daily basis from a single position to the 
 portfolio 
 of 
 the 
 Corporation. 
 These 
 measures 
 include 
 sensitivities of positions to various market risk factors, such as 
 the potential impact on revenue from a one basis point change 
 in interest rates, and statistical measures utilizing both actual 
 and hypothetical market moves, such as VaR and stress 
 testing. Periods of extreme market stress influence the 
 reliability of these techniques to varying degrees. Qualitative 
 evaluations of market risk utilize the suite of quantitative risk 
 measures while understanding each of their respective 
 limitations. Additionally, risk managers independently evaluate 
 the risk of the portfolios under the current market environment 
 and potential future environments. 
 VaR is a common statistic used to measure market risk as it
 allows the aggregation of market risk factors, including the
 effects of portfolio diversification. A VaR model simulates the
 value of a portfolio under a range of scenarios in order to
 generate a distribution of potential gains and losses. VaR
 represents the loss a portfolio is not expected to exceed more
 than a certain number of times per period, based on a specified
 holding period, confidence level and window of historical data.
 We use one VaR model consistently
 across the trading
 portfolios and it uses a historical simulation approach based on
 a three-year window of historical data. Our primary VaR statistic
 is equivalent to a 99 percent confidence level, which means
 that for a VaR with a one-day holding period, there should not be
 losses in excess of VaR, on average, 99 out of 100 trading
 days.
 Within any VaR model, there are significant and numerous
 assumptions that will differ from company to company. The
 accuracy of a VaR model depends on the availability and quality
 of historical data for each of the risk factors in the portfolio. A
 VaR model may require additional modeling assumptions for
 new products that do not have the necessary historical market
 data or for less liquid positions for which accurate daily prices
 are not consistently available. For positions with insufficient
 historical data for
 the VaR calculation,
 the process for
 establishing an appropriate proxy is based on fundamental and
 statistical analysis of the new product or less liquid position.
 This analysis identifies reasonable alternatives that replicate
 both the expected volatility and correlation to other market risk
 factors that the missing data would be expected to experience.
 VaR may not be indicative of realized revenue volatility as
 changes in market conditions or in the composition of the
 portfolio can have a material impact on the results. In particular,
 the historical data used for the VaR calculation might indicate
 higher or lower levels of portfolio diversification than will be
 experienced. In order for the VaR model to reflect current market
 conditions, we update the historical data underlying our VaR
 model on a weekly basis, or more frequently during periods of
 market stress, and regularly review the assumptions underlying
 the model. A minor portion of risks related to our trading
 positions is not included in VaR. These risks are reviewed as
 part of our ICAAP. For more information regarding ICAAP, see
 Capital Management on page 91.
 GRM continually reviews, evaluates and enhances our VaR 
 model so that it reflects the material risks in our trading 
 portfolio. Changes to the VaR model are reviewed and approved 
 prior to implementation and any material changes are reported 
 to 
 management 
 through 
 the 
 appropriate 
 management 
 committees. 
 Trading limits on quantitative risk measures, including VaR,
 are independently set by Global Markets Risk Management and
 reviewed on a regular basis so that trading limits remain
 relevant and within our overall risk appetite for market risks.
 Trading limits are reviewed in the context of market liquidity,
 volatility and strategic business priorities. Trading limits are set
 at both a granular level to allow for extensive coverage of risks
 as well as at aggregated portfolios to account for correlations
 among risk factors. All trading limits are approved at least
 annually. Approved trading limits are stored and tracked in a
 centralized limits management system. Trading limit excesses
 are communicated to management
 for
 review.
 Certain
 quantitative market risk measures and corresponding limits
 have been identified as critical in the Corporation’s Risk
 Appetite Statement. These risk appetite limits are reported on a
 daily basis and are approved at least annually by the ERC and
 the Board.
 In periods of market stress, Global Markets senior 
 leadership communicates daily to discuss losses, key risk 
 positions and any limit excesses. As a result of this process, 
 the businesses may selectively reduce risk. 
 Table 41 presents the total market-based portfolio VaR,
 which is the combination of the total covered positions (and
 less liquid trading positions) portfolio and the fair value option
 portfolio. Covered positions are defined by regulatory standards
 as trading assets and liabilities, both on- and off-balance sheet,
 that meet a defined set of specifications. These specifications
 identify the most liquid trading positions which are intended to
 be held for a short-term horizon and where we are able to hedge
 the material risk elements in a two-way market. Positions in less
 liquid markets, or where there are restrictions on the ability to
 trade the positions, typically do not qualify as covered positions.
 Foreign exchange and commodity
 positions are always
 considered covered positions, except for structural foreign
 currency
 positions that
 are excluded with prior
 regulatory
 approval.
 In addition, Table 41 presents our fair value option portfolio,
 which includes substantially all of the funded and unfunded
 exposures for which we elect the fair value option, and their
 corresponding hedges. Additionally, market risk VaR for trading
 activities, as presented in Table 41, differs from VaR used for
 regulatory capital calculations due to the holding period used.
 The holding period for
 VaR used for
 regulatory
 capital
 calculations is 10 days, while for the market risk VaR presented
 below, it is one day. Both measures utilize the same process
 and methodology.
 The total market-based portfolio VaR results in Table 41
 include market risk to which we are exposed from all business
 segments, excluding credit valuation adjustment (CVA), DVA and
 related hedges. The majority of this portfolio is within the Global
 Markets segment.
 Table 41 presents year-end, average, high and low daily
 trading VaR for 2024 and 2023 using a 99 percent confidence
 level. The amounts disclosed in Table 41 and Table 42 align to
 the view of covered positions used in the Basel 3 capital
 calculations. Foreign exchange and commodity positions are
 always considered covered positions, regardless of trading or
 banking treatment for the trade, except for structural foreign
 currency
 positions that
 are excluded with prior
 regulatory
 approval.
 The annual average of total covered positions and less liquid 
 trading positions portfolio VaR marginally decreased for 2024 
 compared to 2023, with modest changes across asset classes. 
 Table 41 Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 23 
20
 Year 
 End 
 Average 
 High (1)
 Low (1)
 Year 
 End 
 Average 
 High (1)
 Low (1)
 Foreign exchange 
 $ 
 21 
 $ 
 29 
 $ 
 42 
 $ 
 10 
 $ 
 29 
 $ 
 29 
 $ 
 43 
 $ 
 12 
 Interest rate 
 58 
 57 
 91 
 30 
 51 
 48 
 86 
 32 
 Credit 
 53 
 54 
 72 
 42 
 53 
 60 
 108 
 43 
 Equity 
 32 
 21 
 34 
 13 
 9 
 18 
 56 
 9 
 Commodities 
 9 
 9 
 16 
 7 
 9 
 9 
 14 
 6 
 Portfolio diversification 
 (94)
 (100)
 n/a 
 n/a 
 (90)
 (100)
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Total covered positions portfolio 
 79 
 70 
 99 
 50 
 61 
 64 
 92 
 41 
 Impact from less liquid exposures (2)
 16 
 11 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 12 
 20 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Total covered positions and less liquid trading positions portfolio 
 95 
 81 
 110 
 61 
 73 
 84 
 149 
 52 
 Fair value option loans 
 31 
 18 
 45 
 11 
 16 
 25 
 49 
 14 
 Fair value option hedges 
 23 
 12 
 27 
 6 
 11 
 14 
 20 
 9 
 Fair value option portfolio diversification 
 (34)
 (16)
 n/a 
 n/a 
 (12)
 (23)
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Total fair value option portfolio 
 20 
 14 
 24 
 9 
 15 
 16 
 30 
 10 
 Portfolio diversification 
 (10)
 (9)
 n/a 
 n/a 
 (9)
 (8)
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Total market-based portfolio 
 $ 
105 
 $ 
 86 
 117 
 65 
 $ 
 79 
 $ 
 92 
 173 
 58 
 (1) The high and low for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the high and low for the components. Therefore the impact from less liquid exposures and the amount of
 portfolio diversification, which is the difference between the total portfolio and the sum of the individual components, is not relevant.
 (2) Impact is net of diversification effects between the covered positions and less liquid trading positions portfolios.
 n/a = not applicable
 The following graph presents the daily covered positions and less liquid trading positions portfolio VaR for 2024, corresponding to 
 the data in Table 41. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
120
 121
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Additional VaR statistics produced within our single VaR model are provided in Table 42 at the same level of detail as in Table
 41. Evaluating VaR with additional statistics allows for an increased understanding of the risks in the portfolio, as the historical
 market data used in the VaR calculation does not necessarily follow a predefined statistical distribution. Table 42 presents average
 trading VaR statistics at 99 percent and 95 percent confidence levels for 2024 and 2023.
 Table 42 Average Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities – 99 percent and 95 percent VaR Statistics 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 99 percent 
 95 percent 
 99 percent 
 95 percent 
 Foreign exchange 
 $ 
 29 
 $ 
 18 
 $ 
 29 
 $ 
 19 
 Interest rate 
 57 
 30 
 48 
 26 
 Credit 
 54 
 30 
 60 
 30 
 Equity 
 21 
 10 
 18 
 8 
 Commodities 
 9 
 5 
 9 
 5 
 Portfolio diversification 
 (100)
 (58)
 (100)
 (54)
 Total covered positions portfolio 
 70 
 35 
 64 
 34 
 Impact from less liquid exposures 
 11 
 7 
 20 
 7 
 Total covered positions and less liquid trading positions portfolio 
 81 
 42 
 84 
 41 
 Fair value option loans 
 18 
 11 
 25 
 12 
 Fair value option hedges 
 12 
 7 
 14 
 9 
 Fair value option portfolio diversification 
 (16)
 (10)
 (23)
 (13)
 Total fair value option portfolio 
 14 
 8 
 16 
 8 
 Portfolio diversification 
 (9)
 (5)
 (8)
 (5)
 Total market-based portfolio 
 $ 
 86 
 $ 
 45 
 $ 
 92 
 $ 
 44 
 Backtesting 
 The accuracy
 of
 the VaR methodology
 is evaluated by
 backtesting, which compares the daily VaR results, utilizing a
 one-day holding period, against a comparable subset of trading
 revenue. A backtesting excess occurs when a trading loss
 exceeds the VaR for the corresponding day. These excesses are
 evaluated to understand the positions and market moves that
 produced the trading loss with a goal to help confirm that the
 VaR methodology
 accurately
 represents those losses.
 We
 expect the frequency of trading losses in excess of VaR to be in
 line with the confidence level of the VaR statistic being tested.
 For example, with a 99 percent confidence level, we expect one
 trading loss in excess of VaR every 100 days or between two to
 three trading losses in excess of VaR over the course of a year.
 The number of backtesting excesses observed can differ from
 the statistically expected number of excesses if the current level
 of market volatility is materially different than the level of market
 volatility that existed during the three years of historical data
 used in the VaR calculation.
 The trading revenue used for backtesting is defined by 
 regulatory agencies in order to most closely align with the VaR 
 component of the regulatory capital calculation. This revenue 
 differs from total trading-related revenue in that it excludes 
 revenue from trading activities that either do not generate 
 market risk or for which the market risk cannot be included in 
 VaR. Some examples of the types of revenue excluded for 
 backtesting are fees, commissions, reserves, net interest 
 income and intra-day trading revenues. 
 We conduct daily backtesting on the VaR results used for
 regulatory capital calculations as well as at the level of key legal
 entities. These results are reported to senior management, who
 regularly review and evaluate the results of these tests.
 During 2024, there was one day where this subset of trading 
 revenue had losses that exceeded our total covered portfolio 
 VaR, utilizing a one-day holding period. 
 Total Trading-related Revenue 
 Total trading-related revenue, excluding brokerage fees, and 
 CVA, DVA and funding valuation adjustment gains (losses), 
 represents the total amount earned from trading positions, 
 including market-based net interest income, which are taken in 
 a diverse range of financial instruments and markets. For more 
 information on fair value, see Note 20 – Fair Value 
 Measurements to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Trading-related revenue can be volatile and is largely driven by 
 general market conditions and customer demand. Also, trading 
 related revenue is dependent on the volume and type of 
 transactions, the level of risk assumed, and the volatility of 
 price and rate movements at any given time within the ever 
 changing market environment. Significant daily revenue by 
 business is monitored and the primary drivers of these are 
 reviewed. 
 The following histogram is a graphic depiction of trading 
 volatility and illustrates the daily level of trading-related revenue 
 for 2024 and 2023. During 2024, positive trading-related 
 revenue was recorded for more than 99 percent of the trading 
 days, of which 94 percent were daily trading gains of over 
 $25 million, and the largest loss was $12 million. This 
 compares to 2023 where positive trading-related revenue was 
 recorded for 100 percent of the trading days, of which 93 
 percent were daily trading gains of over $25 million. 
 Trading Portfolio Stress Testing 
 Because the very nature of a VaR model suggests results can
 exceed our estimates and it is dependent on a limited historical
 window, we also stress test our portfolio using scenario
 analysis. This analysis estimates the change in the value of our
 trading portfolio that
 may
 result
 from
 abnormal market
 movements.
 A set of scenarios, categorized as either historical or
 hypothetical, are computed daily for the overall trading portfolio
 and individual businesses. These scenarios include shocks to
 underlying market risk factors that may be well beyond the
 shocks found in the historical data used to calculate VaR.
 Historical scenarios simulate the impact of the market moves
 that occurred during a period of extended historical market
 stress. Generally, a multi-week period representing the most
 severe point during a crisis is selected for each historical
 scenario. Hypothetical scenarios provide estimated portfolio
 impacts from potential future market stress events. Scenarios
 are reviewed and updated in response to changing positions
 and new economic or political information. In addition, new or
 ad hoc scenarios are developed to address specific potential
 market events or particular vulnerabilities in the portfolio. The
 stress tests are reviewed on a regular basis and the results are
 presented to senior management.
 Stress testing for the trading portfolio is integrated with 
 enterprise-wide stress testing and incorporated into the limits 
 framework. The macroeconomic scenarios used for enterprise 
 wide stress testing purposes differ from the typical trading 
 portfolio scenarios in that they have a longer time horizon and 
 the results are forecasted over multiple periods for use in 
 consolidated 
 capital 
 and 
 liquidity 
 planning. 
 For 
 more 
 information, see Managing Risk on page 88. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking 
 Book 
 The following discussion presents net interest income for 
 banking book activities. 
 Interest rate risk represents the most significant market risk
 exposure to our banking book balance sheet. Interest rate risk
 is measured as the potential change in net interest income
 caused by movements in market interest rates. Client-facing
 activities, primarily lending and deposit-taking, create interest
 rate sensitive positions on our balance sheet.
 We prepare forward-looking forecasts of net interest income. 
 The baseline forecast takes into consideration expected future 
 business growth, ALM positioning and the future direction of 
 interest rate movements as implied by market-based forward 
 curves. 
 We then measure and evaluate the impact that alternative 
 interest rate scenarios have on the baseline forecast in order to 
 assess interest rate sensitivity under varied conditions. The net 
 interest income forecast is frequently updated for changing 
 assumptions and differing outlooks based on economic trends, 
 market conditions and business strategies. Thus, we continually 
 monitor our banking book balance sheet position in order to 
 maintain an acceptable level of exposure to interest rate 
 changes. 
 The interest rate scenarios that we analyze incorporate 
 balance sheet assumptions such as loan and deposit growth 
 and pricing, changes in funding mix, product repricing, maturity 
 characteristics and investment securities premium amortization. 
 Our overall goal is to manage interest rate risk so that 
 movements in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect 
 earnings and capital. 
 Table 43 presents the spot and 12-month forward rates 
 used in developing the forward curve used in our baseline 
 forecasts at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Table 43 Forward Rates 
 December 31, 2024 
 Federal 
 Funds 
 SOFR 
 10-Year
 SOFR
 Spot rates 
 4.50 % 
 4.49 % 
 4.07 % 
 12-month forward rates
 4.00 
 3.94 
 4.07 
 December 31, 2023 
 Spot rates 
 5.50 % 
 5.38 % 
 3.47 % 
 12-month forward rates
 3.89 
 3.93 
 3.32 
 Table 44 shows the potential pretax impact to forecasted
 net interest income over the next 12 months from December
 31, 2024 and 2023 resulting from instantaneous parallel and
 non-parallel shocks to the market-based forward curve.
 Periodically, we evaluate the scenarios presented so that they
 are meaningful in the context of the current rate environment. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
122
 123
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Table 44 Estimated Banking Book Net Interest Income Sensitivity to Curve Changes 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 Short 
 Rate (bps) 
 Long 
 Rate (bps) 
 Dynamic Deposits (1) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 Static Deposits (1) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 Static Deposits (1) 
 December 31 
 2023 
 Parallel Shifts 
 +100 bps instantaneous shift 
 +100 
 +100 
 $ 
 1.1 
 $ 
 3.1 
 $ 
 3.5 
 -100 bps instantaneous shift 
 -100 
 -100 
 (2.3) 
 (3.3) 
 (3.1) 
 +200 bps instantaneous shift 
 +200 
 +200 
 2.0 
 6.2 
 n/a 
 -200 bps instantaneous shift 
 -200 
 -200 
 (5.4) 
 (6.9) 
 n/a 
 Flatteners 
 Short-end instantaneous change 
 +100 
 —
 1.1 
 2.8 
 3.2 
 Long-end instantaneous change 
 —
 -100 
 (0.1) 
 (0.4) 
 (0.3) 
 Steepeners 
 Short-end instantaneous change 
 -100 
 —
 (2.1) 
 (2.9) 
 (2.8) 
 Long-end instantaneous change 
 —
 +100 
 0.1 
 0.3 
 0.3 
 (1) Dynamic Deposit sensitivity reflects behavioral customer deposit balance changes that could occur under various scenarios while Static Deposits assumes no deposit balance change. 
 n/a=not applicable 
 We continue to be asset sensitive to a parallel upward move
 in interest rates with the majority of that impact coming from the
 short end of the yield curve. Additionally, higher interest rates
 negatively impact the fair value of our debt securities classified
 as available for sale and adversely affect accumulated OCI and
 thus capital levels under the Basel 3 capital rules. Under
 instantaneous upward parallel shifts, the near-term adverse
 impact to Basel 3 capital would be reduced over time by
 offsetting positive impacts to net interest income generated
 from banking book activities. For more information on Basel 3,
 see Capital Management – Regulatory Capital on page 92.
 As part of our ALM activities, we use securities, certain 
 residential mortgages, and interest rate and foreign exchange 
 derivatives in managing interest rate sensitivity. The sensitivity 
 analysis in Table 44 assumes that we take no action in 
 response to these rate shocks and does not assume any 
 change in other macroeconomic variables normally correlated 
 with changes in interest rates. Beginning in the second quarter 
 of 2024, the sensitivity analysis incorporates potential 
 movements in customer behavior that could result in changes in 
 both total customer deposit balances and deposit balance mix, 
 (e.g., interest bearing versus noninterest bearing), under the 
 various interest rate scenarios. In higher rate scenarios, the 
 analysis assumes that a portion of low-cost or noninterest 
 bearing deposits are replaced with higher yielding deposits or 
 market-based funding. Conversely, in lower rate scenarios, the 
 analysis assumes that a portion of higher yielding deposits or 
 market-based funding are replaced with low-cost or noninterest 
 bearing deposits. 
 For larger interest rate scenarios, the interest rate sensitivity
 may behave in a non-linear manner as there are numerous
 estimates and assumptions, which require a high degree of
 judgment and are often interrelated, that could impact the
 outcome. Pertaining to the mortgage-backed securities and
 residential mortgage portfolio, if long-end interest rates were to
 significantly decrease over the next twelve months, for example
 over 200 bps, there would generally be an increase in customer
 prepayment behaviors with an incremental reduction to net
 interest income, noting that the extent of changes in customer
 prepayment activity can be impacted by multiple factors and is
 not necessarily limited to long-end interest rates. Conversely, if
 long-end interest rates were to significantly increase over the
 next twelve months, for example, over 200 bps, customer
 prepayments would likely modestly decrease and result in an
 incremental increase to net interest income. In addition, deposit
 pricing is rate sensitive in nature. This sensitivity is assumed to
 have non-linear impacts to larger short-end rate movements. In
 decreasing interest
 rate scenarios,
 and particularly
 where
 interest rates have decreased to small amounts, the ability to
 further reduce rates paid is reduced as customer rates near
 zero. In higher short-end rate scenarios, deposit pricing will
 likely increase at a faster rate, leading to incremental interest
 expense and reducing asset sensitivity. While the impact related
 to the above assumptions used in the asset sensitivity analysis
 can provide directional analysis on how net interest income will
 be impacted in changing environments, the ultimate impact is
 dependent upon the interrelationship of the assumptions and
 factors, which vary in different macroeconomic scenarios.
 Economic Value of Equity 
 In addition to interest rate sensitivity described above, the 
 Corporation’s management of its interest rate exposures in the 
 banking book also considers a long-term view of interest rate 
 sensitivity through the measurement of Economic Value of 
 Equity (EVE). EVE captures changes in the net present value of 
 banking book assets and liabilities under various interest rate 
 scenarios and its impact to Tier 1 capital. Similar to net interest 
 income, the Corporation establishes limits for EVE. EVE is 
 largely driven by the Corporation’s longer duration fixed-rate 
 products, such as investment securities, residential mortgages 
 and deposits. For assets or liabilities that have no stated 
 maturity, such as deposits, the Corporation estimates the 
 duration for measurement purposes. 
 Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Derivative 
 Contracts 
 We use interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts 
 in our ALM activities to manage our interest rate and foreign 
 exchange risks. Specifically, we use those derivatives to 
 manage both the variability in cash flows and changes in fair 
 value of various assets and liabilities arising from those risks. 
 Our interest rate derivative contracts are generally non-leveraged 
 swaps tied to various benchmark interest rates and foreign 
 exchange basis swaps, options, futures and forwards, and our 
 foreign exchange contracts include cross-currency interest rate 
 swaps, foreign currency futures contracts, foreign currency 
 forward contracts and options. 
 The derivatives used in our ALM activities can be split into
 two broad categories: designated accounting hedges and other
 risk management derivatives. Designated accounting hedges
 are primarily used to manage our exposure to interest rates as
 described in the Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking
 Book section and are included in the sensitivities presented in
 Table 44. The Corporation also uses foreign currency derivatives
 in accounting hedges to manage substantially all of the foreign
 exchange risk of our foreign operations. By hedging the foreign
 exchange risk of our foreign operations, the Corporation's
 market risk exposure in this area is not significant.
 Risk management derivatives are predominantly used to 
 hedge foreign exchange risks related to various foreign currency 
 denominated assets and liabilities and eliminate substantially 
 all foreign currency exposures in the cash flows of the 
 Corporation’s non-trading foreign currency-denominated financial 
 instruments. These foreign exchange derivatives are sensitive to 
 other market risk exposures such as cross-currency basis 
 spreads and interest rate risk. However, as these features are 
 not a significant component of these foreign exchange 
 derivatives, the market risk related to this exposure is not 
 significant. For more information on the accounting for 
 derivatives, see Note 3 – Derivatives to the Consolidated 
 Financial Statements. 
 Mortgage Banking Risk Management 
 We originate, fund and service mortgage loans, which subject us
 to credit, liquidity and interest rate risks, among others. We
 determine whether loans will be held for investment or held for
 sale at the time of commitment and manage credit and liquidity
 risks by selling or securitizing a portion of the loans we
 originate.
 Interest rate risk and market risk can be substantial in the
 mortgage business. Changes in interest rates and other market
 factors impact the volume of mortgage originations. Changes in
 interest rates also impact the value of interest rate lock
 commitments (IRLCs) and the related residential first mortgage
 LHFS between the date of the IRLC and the date the loans are
 sold to the secondary market. An increase in mortgage interest
 rates typically leads to a decrease in the value of these
 instruments. Conversely, when there is an increase in interest
 rates, the value of the MSRs will increase driven by lower
 prepayment expectations. Because the interest rate risks of
 these hedged items offset, we combine them into one overall
 hedged item with one combined economic hedge portfolio
 consisting of derivative contracts and securities.
 Compliance and Operational Risk Management 
 Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions,
 material financial loss or damage to the reputation of the
 Corporation arising from the failure of the Corporation to comply
 with the requirements of applicable LRRs and our internal
 policies and procedures (collectively, applicable LRRs). We are
 subject to comprehensive and evolving regulation under federal
 and state laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and the laws of
 the various jurisdictions in which we operate, including those
 related to financial crimes and anti-money laundering, market
 conduct, trading activities, fair lending, privacy, data protection,
 development and use of AI, and unfair, deceptive or abusive
 acts or practices.
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate 
 or failed internal processes or systems, people or external 
 events, and includes legal risk. Operational risk may occur 
 anywhere in the Corporation, including third-party business 
 processes, and is not limited to operations functions. The 
 Corporation faces a number of key operational risks including 
 third-party risk, model risk, conduct risk, technology risk, 
 information security risk and data risk. The pace of 
 technological change, including in the field of AI, may heighten 
 risks in those areas. Operational risk can result in financial 
 losses and reputational impacts and is a component in 
 the calculation of total RWA used in the Basel 3 capital 
 calculation. For more information on Basel 3 calculations, see 
 Capital Management on page 91. 
 FLUs and control functions are first and foremost 
 responsible for managing all aspects of their businesses, 
 including their compliance and operational risk. FLUs and 
 control functions are required to understand their business 
 processes and related risks and controls, including third-party 
 dependencies and the related regulatory requirements, and 
 monitor and report on the effectiveness of the control 
 environment. In order to actively monitor and assess the 
 performance of their processes and controls, they must conduct 
 comprehensive quality assurance activities and identify issues 
 and risks to remediate control gaps and weaknesses. FLUs and 
 control functions must also adhere to compliance and 
 operational risk appetite limits to meet strategic, capital and 
 financial planning objectives. Finally, FLUs and control functions 
 are responsible for the proactive identification, management 
 and escalation of compliance and operational risks across the 
 Corporation. Collectively, these efforts are important to 
 strengthen their compliance and operational resiliency, which is 
 the ability to deliver critical operations through disruption. To 
 address AI-related risks, we have implemented internal 
 processes and governance frameworks. These measures help 
 with regulatory compliance and responsible use of AI across our 
 operations. 
 Global 
 Compliance 
 and 
 Operational 
 Risk 
 teams 
 independently assess compliance and operational risk, monitor 
 business activities and processes and evaluate FLUs and 
 control functions for adherence to applicable LRRs, including 
 identifying issues and risks, and reporting on the state of the 
 control environment. Corporate Audit provides an independent 
 assessment and validation through testing of key compliance 
 and operational risk processes and controls across the 
 Corporation. 
 The Corporation's Global Compliance – Enterprise Policy and 
 Operational Risk Management – Enterprise Policy set the 
 requirements for reporting compliance and operational risk 
 information to executive management as well as the Board or 
 appropriate 
 Board-level 
 committees 
 and 
 reflect 
 Global 
 Compliance 
 and 
 Operational 
 Risk’s 
 responsibilities 
 for 
 conducting 
 independent 
 oversight 
 of 
 the 
 Corporation’s 
 compliance and operational risk management activities. The 
 Board provides oversight of compliance risk through its Audit 
 Committee and the ERC, and operational risk through its ERC. 
 Cybersecurity 
 Risk Management and Strategy 
 Cybersecurity is a key operational risk facing the Corporation. 
 We, our employees, customers, regulators and third parties are 
 ongoing targets of an increasing number of cybersecurity threats 
 and cyberattacks and, accordingly, the Corporation devotes 
 considerable resources to the establishment and maintenance 
 of 
 processes 
 for 
 assessing, 
 identifying 
 and 
 managing 
 cybersecurity risk through its global workforce and 24/7 cyber 
 operations centers around the world. The Corporation takes a 
 cross-functional approach to addressing cybersecurity risk, with 
 our Global Technology, Global Risk Management, Legal and 
 Corporate Audit functions playing key roles. In addition, the 
 Corporation’s processes related to cybersecurity risk are an 
 element of and integrated with the Corporation’s comprehensive 
 risk program, including our risk framework. For more information 
 on the Corporation’s Cybersecurity risk, see Item 1A. Risk 
 Factors of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
124
 125
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information on our approach to risk management, including our 
 risk management governance framework, see Managing Risk on 
 page 88. 
 As part of the Corporation’s overall risk management 
 program, the Corporation’s Global Information Security (GIS) 
 Program is supported by three lines of defense. As the first line 
 of defense, the GIS team is responsible for the day-to-day 
 management of the GIS Program, which includes defining 
 policies 
 and 
 procedures 
 designed 
 to 
 safeguard 
 the 
 Corporation’s information systems and the information those 
 systems collect, process, maintain, use, share, disseminate 
 and dispose of. As the second line of defense, Global 
 Compliance and Operational Risk independently assesses, 
 monitors and tests cybersecurity risk across the Corporation, as 
 well as the effectiveness of the GIS Program. As the third line of 
 defense, Corporate Audit conducts additional independent 
 review and validation of the first-line and second-line processes 
 and functions. 
 The Corporation seeks to mitigate cybersecurity risk and 
 associated legal, financial, reputational, operational and/or 
 regulatory risks by employing a multi-faceted GIS Program, 
 through various policies and procedures, that are focused on 
 governing, preparing for, identifying, preventing, detecting, 
 mitigating, responding to and recovering from cybersecurity 
 threats and incidents suffered by the Corporation and its third 
 party service providers, as well as effectively operating the 
 Corporation’s processes. Our business continuity policies and 
 procedures are designed to maintain the availability of business 
 functions and enable impacted units within the Corporation and 
 its third-party service providers to achieve strategic objectives in 
 the event of a cybersecurity incident. In accordance with the 
 Corporation’s cyber incident response framework, GIS, including 
 its incident response team, tracks, documents, responds to and 
 analyzes cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents, 
 including those experienced by the Corporation’s third-party 
 service providers that may impact the Corporation. Additionally, 
 the Corporation has a process for assembling multi-stakeholder 
 executive response teams to monitor and coordinate cross 
 functional responses to certain cybersecurity incidents. 
 As part of the GIS Program, the Corporation leverages both 
 internal and external assessments and industry partnerships. 
 The Corporation engages third-party assessors, consultants, 
 auditors and other third-party professionals to evaluate and test 
 its cybersecurity program and provide guidance on operating and 
 improving the GIS Program, including the design and operational 
 effectiveness of the security and resiliency of our information 
 systems. 
 The Corporation focuses on and has processes to oversee 
 cybersecurity risk associated with its third-party service 
 providers. As part of its cybersecurity risk management 
 processes, the Corporation maintains an enterprise-wide 
 program that defines standards for the planning, sourcing, 
 management, and oversight of third-party relationships and 
 third-party access to its information system, facilities, and/or 
 confidential or proprietary data. The Corporation has established 
 security requirements applicable to third-party service providers, 
 and where permitted by contract, cybersecurity diligence is 
 conducted to assess the alignment of third-party service 
 providers’ cybersecurity programs with the Corporation’s 
 cybersecurity requirements. 
 While 
 we 
 and 
 our 
 third 
 parties 
 have 
 experienced 
 cybersecurity incidents, as well as adverse impacts from such 
 incidents, we have not experienced material losses or other 
 material consequences relating to cybersecurity incidents 
 experienced by us or our third parties. However, we expect to 
 continue to experience cybersecurity incidents resulting in 
 adverse impacts with increased frequency and severity due to 
 the evolving threat environment including the increasing use of 
 AI, such as generative AI and machine learning, for cybersecurity 
 threat and cyberattack purposes, and there can be no 
 assurance 
 that 
 future 
 cybersecurity 
 incidents, 
 including 
 incidents experienced by our third parties, will not have a 
 material adverse impact on the Corporation, including its 
 business strategy, results of operations and/or financial 
 condition. 
 Governance 
 Through established governance structures, the Corporation has 
 policies and procedures to help facilitate oversight of 
 cybersecurity risk. In accordance with these policies and 
 procedures, the Corporation’s three lines of defense, and 
 management, strive to prepare for, identify, prevent, detect, 
 mitigate, respond to and recover from cybersecurity threats and 
 incidents, monitor performance, and escalate to executive 
 management, the committees of the Corporation’s Board and/ 
 or to the Board, as appropriate. Additionally, GIS reports 
 cybersecurity incidents that meet certain criteria to the Legal 
 Department for evaluation of materiality and potential escalation 
 and disclosure, which includes the consideration of relevant 
 quantitative and qualitative factors. 
 The Board is actively engaged in the oversight of the GIS 
 Program and devotes time and attention to the oversight and 
 mitigation of cybersecurity risk. The Board, which includes 
 members with technology and cybersecurity experience, 
 oversees management’s approach to staffing and the policies 
 and procedures to address cybersecurity risk. The Board and its 
 ERC, which is responsible for reviewing cybersecurity risk, each 
 receive regular presentations, memoranda and reports from our 
 Chief Technology and Information Officer (CTIO) and our Chief 
 Information Security Officer (CISO) on internal and external 
 cybersecurity developments, threats and risks. 
 The Board receives prompt and timely information from 
 management on cybersecurity incidents, including cybersecurity 
 incidents experienced by the Corporation’s third-party service 
 providers, that may pose significant risk to the Corporation, and 
 continues to receive regular reports on any such incidents until 
 their conclusion. Additionally, the Board receives quarterly 
 reports on the performance metrics for the GIS Program and the 
 performance of the Corporation’s cybersecurity risk appetite 
 metrics, including metrics on vulnerabilities and third-party 
 cybersecurity risks and incidents, and is notified promptly if a 
 Board-level cybersecurity risk limit is breached. 
 Our ERC also annually reviews and approves our GIS 
 Program and our Information Security Policy, which establish 
 administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to 
 protect the security, confidentiality, availability and integrity of 
 customer records and information in accordance with the 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the interagency guidelines issued 
 thereunder, and applicable laws globally. 
 Under the Board’s oversight, management works closely with 
 key stakeholders, including regulators, government agencies, 
 law enforcement, peer institutions and industry groups, and 
 develops and invests in talent and innovative technology in 
 order to better manage cybersecurity risk. 
 Our most senior cybersecurity employees are the CTIO and 
 CISO, who are primarily responsible for managing and assessing 
 cybersecurity risk. The CISO oversees a team of more than 
 3,400 information security professionals spanning the globe. 
 The CISO and the GIS senior leadership team have deep 
 cybersecurity expertise, with over 200 years of collective 
 experience working in the cybersecurity field, at the Corporation, 
 in government, and other companies in various industries. 
 Additionally, certain members of the GIS leadership team hold 
 leadership roles in sector-specific information and infrastructure 
 security 
 organizations, 
 including 
 the 
 Financial 
 Services 
 Information Sharing and Analysis Center and the Financial 
 Services Sector Coordinating Council. Employees across the 
 Corporation also play a role in protecting the Corporation from 
 cybersecurity threats and receive periodic training and education 
 on cybersecurity-related topics. 
 Reputational Risk Management 
 Reputational risk is the risk that negative perception of the 
 Corporation may adversely impact profitability or operations. 
 Reputational risk may result from many of the Corporation’s 
 activities, including those related to the management of 
 strategic, operational, compliance, liquidity, market (price and 
 interest rate) and credit risks. 
 The 
 Corporation 
 manages 
 reputational 
 risk 
 through 
 established policies and controls embedded throughout its 
 business and risk management processes. We proactively 
 monitor and identify potential reputational risk events and have 
 processes established to mitigate reputational risks in a timely 
 manner. If reputational risk events occur, we focus on 
 remediating the underlying issue and taking action to minimize 
 damage to the Corporation’s reputation. The Corporation has 
 processes in place to respond to events that give rise to 
 reputational risk, including educating, using policy influencers 
 and implementing communication strategies, as applicable, to 
 mitigate the impact. The Corporation’s organization and 
 governance structure provides oversight of reputational risks 
 through management and Board or Board committees. Each FLU 
 has a MRC that is responsible for the oversight of reputational 
 risk, including approval for business activities that present 
 elevated levels of reputational risks. Additionally, reputational 
 risk reporting is provided to senior management and the Board 
 regularly. 
 Climate Risk Management 
 Climate risk is divided into two major categories, both of which
 span the seven key risk types discussed in Managing Risk on
 page 88: (1) Physical Risk: risks related to the physical impacts
 of climate change, driven by extreme weather events such as
 hurricanes and floods, as well as chronic longer-term shifts such
 as rising average global temperatures and sea levels, and (2)
 Transition Risk: risks related to the transition to a low-carbon
 economy, which may entail extensive policy, legal, technology
 and market changes.
 Physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent and 
 severe extreme weather events, can increase the Corporation’s 
 risks, including credit risk by diminishing borrowers’ repayment 
 capacity or collateral values, and operational risk by negatively 
 impacting the Corporation’s facilities, employees, or third 
 parties. Transition risks of climate change may amplify credit 
 risks through the financial impacts of changes in policy, 
 technology or the market on the Corporation or our 
 counterparties. Unanticipated market changes can lead to 
 sudden price adjustments and give rise to heightened market 
 risk. 
 Our approach to managing climate risk is consistent with our 
 risk 
 management 
 governance 
 structure, 
 from 
 senior 
 management to our Board and its committees, including the 
 ERC and the Corporate Governance, ESG and Sustainability 
 Committee (CGESC) of the Board, which regularly discuss 
 climate-related topics. The ERC oversees climate risk as set 
 forth in our Risk Framework and Risk Appetite Statement. The 
 CGESC is responsible for overseeing the Corporation’s 
 environmental and sustainability-related activities and practices, 
 and regularly reviews the Corporation’s climate-related policies 
 and practices. 
 Our Climate Risk Council consists of leaders across risk, 
 FLU and control functions, and meets routinely to discuss our 
 approach to managing climate-related risks. Our climate risk 
 management efforts are overseen by an officer who reports to 
 the CRO. The Corporation has a Climate and Environmental Risk 
 Management function that is responsible for overseeing climate 
 risk management. They are responsible for establishing the 
 Climate Risk Framework (described below) and governance 
 structure, and providing an independent assessment of 
 enterprise-wide climate risks. 
 Based on the Corporation’s Risk Framework, we created our 
 internal Climate Risk Framework, which addresses various 
 global climate-related laws, rules, regulations and guidance. 
 The framework describes how the Corporation identifies, 
 measures, monitors and controls climate risk by enhancing 
 existing risk management processes, includes examples of how 
 climate risk manifests across the seven risk types, and details 
 the roles and responsibilities for climate risk management 
 across our three lines of defense (i.e., FLUs, Global Risk 
 Management and Corporate Audit). 
 For more information on our governance framework, see 
 Managing Risk on page 88. For more information on climate 
 risk, see Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2024 Annual Report on 
 Form 10-K. For more information on climate- and sustainability 
 related matters and their importance in supporting our 
 customers and clients, see the Corporation’s website, including 
 its 2024 Sustainability at Bank of America document. The 
 contents of the Corporation’s website, including the 2024 
 Sustainability at Bank of America document, are not 
 incorporated by reference into our 2024 Annual Report on Form 
 10-K. 
 Complex Accounting Estimates 
 Our significant accounting principles, as described in Note 1 –
 Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements, are essential in understanding the MD&A.
 Many of our significant accounting principles require complex
 judgments to estimate the values of assets and liabilities. We
 have procedures and processes in place to facilitate making
 these judgments.
 The more judgmental estimates are summarized in the
 following discussion. We have identified and described the
 development of the variables most important in the estimation
 processes that involve mathematical models to derive the
 estimates. In many cases, there are numerous alternative
 judgments that could be used in the process of determining the
 inputs to the models. Where alternatives exist, we have used
 the factors that we believe represent the most reasonable value
 in developing the inputs. Actual performance that differs from
 our estimates of the key variables could materially impact our
 results of operations. Separate from the possible future impact
 to our results of operations from input and model variables, the
 value of our lending portfolio and market-sensitive assets and
 liabilities may change subsequent to the balance sheet date,
 often significantly, due to the nature and magnitude of future
 credit and market conditions. Such credit and market conditions
 may change quickly and in unforeseen ways and the resulting
 volatility could have a significant, negative effect on future
 operating results. These fluctuations would not be indicative of
 deficiencies in our models or inputs.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
126
 127
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses includes the allowance for loan
 and lease losses and the reserve for
 unfunded lending
 commitments. Our process for determining the allowance for
 credit losses is discussed in Note 1 – Summary of Significant
 Accounting Principles and Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and
 Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.
 The determination of the allowance for credit losses is
 based on numerous estimates and assumptions, which require
 a high degree of judgment and are often interrelated. A critical
 judgment in the process is the weighting of our forward-looking
 macroeconomic
 scenarios that
 are incorporated into our
 quantitative models. As any one economic outlook is inherently
 uncertain,
 the Corporation uses multiple macroeconomic
 scenarios in its expected credit losses (ECL) calculation, which
 have included a baseline scenario derived from consensus
 estimates, an adverse scenario reflecting a moderate recession,
 a downside scenario reflecting continued inflation and interest
 rates above the baseline scenario, a tail risk scenario similar to
 the severely adverse scenario used in stress testing and an
 upside scenario that considers the potential for improvement
 above the baseline scenario. The overall economic outlook is
 weighted to reflect a moderate growth environment, with lower
 gross domestic product (GDP) growth and higher unemployment
 rate expectations as compared to what we experienced in 2024.
 Generally, as the consensus estimates improve or deteriorate,
 the allowance for credit losses will change in a similar direction.
 There are multiple variables that drive the macroeconomic
 scenarios with the key variables including, but not limited to,
 U.S. real GDP and unemployment rates. As of December 31,
 2024, the latest
 consensus estimate for the U.S. average
 unemployment rate for the fourth quarter of 2024 was 4.2
 percent, and U.S. real GDP was forecasted to grow 2.4 percent
 year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2024, reflecting a strong
 labor
 market
 and 
 steady
 growth 
 compared 
 to 
 our
 macroeconomic outlook as of December 31, 2023, and were
 factored into our allowance for credit losses estimate as of
 December 31, 2024. In addition, the table below presents the
 weighted 
 macroeconomic
 outlook 
 for
 U.S.
 average
 unemployment rate and U.S. real GDP.
 Table 45 Key Allowance Variables 
 Quarterly Average 
 4Q Year 1 (1) 
 4Q Year 2 (1) 
 U.S. Unemployment 
 December 31, 2023 forecast 
 4.9 % 
 4.9 % 
 December 31, 2024 forecast 
 4.8 
 4.7 
 Year-Over-Year 
 4Q Year 1 (1) 
 4Q Year 2 (1) 
 U.S. Real GDP Growth 
 December 31, 2023 forecast 
 0.3 % 
 1.4 % 
 December 31, 2024 forecast 
 1.4 
 1.8 
 (1) Represents the forecasted weighted economic outlook one and two years out from the 
 reporting date. 
 In addition to the above judgments and estimates, the
 allowance for
 credit
 losses can also be impacted by
 unanticipated changes in asset quality of the portfolio, such as
 increases or decreases in credit and/or internal risk ratings in
 our
 commercial portfolio,
 improvement
 or
 deterioration in
 borrower delinquencies or credit scores in our credit card
 portfolio and increases or decreases in home prices, which is a
 primary driver of LTVs, in our consumer real estate portfolio, all
 of which have some degree of uncertainty. The allowance for
 credit losses decreased $215 million from $14.6 billion at
 December 31, 2023 to $14.3 billion at December 31, 2024,
 primarily due to a reserve release in our commercial portfolio
 due to a favorable macroeconomic environment and reduced
 exposure in our commercial real estate portfolio.
 To provide an illustration of the sensitivity of the 
 macroeconomic scenarios and other assumptions on the 
 estimate of our allowance for credit losses, the Corporation 
 compared the December 31, 2024 modeled ECL from the 
 baseline scenario to our adverse scenario. Relative to the 
 baseline scenario, the adverse scenario assumed a peak U.S. 
 unemployment rate of over two percentage points higher than 
 the baseline scenario, a decline in U.S. real GDP followed by a 
 prolonged recovery and a lower home price outlook with a 
 difference of approximately 19 percent at the trough. This 
 sensitivity analysis resulted in a hypothetical increase in the 
 allowance for credit losses of approximately $4.8 billion. 
 While the sensitivity analysis may be useful to consider how
 changes in certain macroeconomic assumptions could impact
 our baseline ECLs, it should not be relied upon as a forecast of
 how our allowance for credit losses is expected to change in a
 different macroeconomic outlook. Ultimately, the estimate of the
 allowance for credit losses is dependent upon a variety of
 potential factors including,
 but
 not
 limited to,
 qualitative
 assessments, weighting of alternate macroeconomic scenarios
 and changes in portfolio mix that would need to be considered
 comprehensively in determining the allowance for credit losses.
 Due to the uncertainty in predicting these factors, they are not
 incorporated into the sensitivity analysis.
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Under applicable accounting standards, we are required to 
 maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of 
 unobservable inputs in measuring fair value. We classify fair 
 value measurements of financial instruments and MSRs based 
 on the three-level fair value hierarchy in the accounting 
 standards. 
 The fair
 values of
 assets and liabilities may
 include
 adjustments, such as market liquidity and credit quality, where
 appropriate. Valuations of products using models or other
 techniques are sensitive to assumptions used for the significant
 inputs. Where market data is available, the inputs used for
 valuation reflect that information as of our valuation date. Inputs
 to valuation models are considered unobservable if they are
 supported by little or no market activity. In periods of extreme
 volatility, lessened liquidity or in illiquid markets, there may be
 more variability in market pricing or a lack of market data to use
 in the valuation process. In keeping with the prudent application
 of estimates and management judgment in determining the fair
 value of assets and liabilities, we have in place various
 processes and controls that include: a model validation policy
 that requires review and approval of quantitative models used
 for deal pricing, financial statement fair value determination and
 risk quantification; a trading product valuation policy that
 requires verification of all traded product valuations; and a
 periodic review and substantiation of daily profit and loss
 reporting for all traded products. Primarily through validation
 controls, we utilize both broker and pricing service inputs which
 can and do include both market-observable and internally
 modeled values and/or valuation inputs. Our reliance on this
 information is affected by our understanding of how the broker
 and/or pricing service develops its data with a higher degree of
 reliance applied to those that are more directly observable and
 lesser reliance applied to those developed through their own
 internal modeling. For example, broker quotes in less active
 markets may only be indicative and therefore less reliable.
 These processes and controls are performed independently of
 the business. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value
 Measurements
 and Note 21 – Fair
 Value Option
 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.
 Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 
 Financial assets and liabilities, and MSRs, where values are 
 based on valuation techniques that require inputs that are both 
 unobservable and are significant to the overall fair value 
 measurement are classified as Level 3 under the fair value 
 hierarchy established in applicable accounting standards. The 
 fair value of these Level 3 financial assets and liabilities and 
 MSRs is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow 
 methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination 
 of fair value requires significant management judgment or 
 estimation. 
 Level 3 financial instruments may be hedged with derivatives
 classified as Level 1 or 2; therefore, gains or losses associated
 with Level 3 financial instruments may be offset by gains or
 losses associated with financial instruments classified in other
 levels of the fair value hierarchy. The Level 3 gains and losses
 recorded in earnings did not have a significant impact on our
 liquidity or capital. We conduct a review of our fair value
 hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or
 out of Level 3 are made if the significant inputs used in financial
 models measuring the fair values of the assets and liabilities
 became unobservable or observable, respectively, in the current
 marketplace, or when previously insignificant unobservable and
 observable inputs become significant, respectively. For more
 information on transfers into and out of Level 3 during 2024,
 2023 and 2022, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.
 Accrued Income Taxes and Deferred Tax Assets 
 Accrued income taxes, reported as a component of either other 
 assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet, represent the net amount of 
 current income taxes we expect to pay to or receive from various 
 taxing jurisdictions attributable to our operations to date. We 
 currently file income tax returns in more than 100 jurisdictions 
 and consider many factors, including statutory, judicial and 
 regulatory guidance, in estimating the appropriate accrued 
 income taxes for each jurisdiction. 
 Net deferred tax assets, reported as a component of other
 assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, represent the net
 decrease in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of
 net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards and
 because of future reversals of temporary differences in the
 bases of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and
 their bases as reported in the financial statements. NOL and tax
 credit carryforwards result in reductions to future tax liabilities,
 and many of these attributes can expire if not utilized within
 certain periods. We consider the need for valuation allowances
 to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amounts that we
 estimate are more likely than not to be realized.
 Consistent with the applicable accounting guidance, we
 monitor relevant tax authorities and change our estimates of
 accrued income taxes and/or net deferred tax assets due to
 changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the
 courts and regulatory
 authorities.
 These revisions of
 our
 estimates, which also may result from our income tax planning
 and from the resolution of income tax audit matters, may be
 material to our operating results for any given period.
 See Note 19 – Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements
 for
 a table of
 significant
 tax
 attributes and
 additional information. For more information, see Item 1A. Risk
 Factors of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 The nature of and accounting for goodwill and intangible assets 
 are discussed in Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting 
 Principles and Note 7 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
 Table 46 Goodwill by Reporting Segment 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Consumer Banking 
 $ 
 30,137 
 $ 
 30,137 
 Global Wealth and Investment Management 
 9,677 
 9,677 
 Global Banking 
 24,026 
 24,026 
 Global Markets 
 5,181 
 5,181 
 Total 
 $ 
 69,021 
 $ 
 69,021 
 We completed our annual goodwill impairment test as of 
 June 30, 2024 by using a qualitative assessment. Factors 
 considered in the qualitative assessment include, among 
 others, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market 
 considerations, financial performance of the respective reporting 
 unit and other relevant entity and reporting-unit specific 
 considerations. Based on our assessment, we have concluded 
 that none of our reporting units are at risk of impairment, as 
 each of the reporting units’ fair values are substantially in 
 excess of their carrying values. 
 Certain Contingent Liabilities 
 For more information on the complex judgments associated with 
 certain contingent liabilities, see Note 12 – Commitments and 
 Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
128
 129
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Page
 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 Tables 47 and 48 provide reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. 
 Table 47 Annual Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures (1) 
 (Dollars in millions, shares in thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Reconciliation of average shareholders’ equity to average tangible shareholders’ equity and average tangible common 
 shareholders’ equity 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 $ 294,014 
 $ 283,353 
 $ 270,299 
 Goodwill 
 (69,021) 
 (69,022) 
 (69,022) 
 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) 
 (1,961) 
 (2,039) 
 (2,117) 
 Related deferred tax liabilities 
 866 
 893 
 922 
 Tangible shareholders’ equity 
 $ 223,898 
 $ 213,185 
 $ 200,082 
 Preferred stock 
 (26,487) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,318) 
 Tangible common shareholders’ equity 
 $ 197,411 
 $ 184,788 
 $ 171,764 
 Reconciliation of year-end shareholders’ equity to year-end tangible shareholders’ equity and year-end tangible common 
 shareholders’ equity 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 $ 295,559 
 $ 291,646 
 $ 273,197 
 Goodwill 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,022) 
 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) 
 (1,919) 
 (1,997) 
 (2,075) 
 Related deferred tax liabilities 
 851 
 874 
 899 
 Tangible shareholders’ equity 
 $ 225,470 
 $ 221,502 
 $ 202,999 
 Preferred stock 
 (23,159) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 Tangible common shareholders’ equity 
 $ 202,311 
 $ 193,105 
 $ 174,602 
 Reconciliation of year-end assets to year-end tangible assets 
 Assets 
 $ 3,261,519 
 $3,180,151 
 $3,051,375 
 Goodwill 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,022) 
 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) 
 (1,919) 
 (1,997) 
 (2,075) 
 Related deferred tax liabilities 
 851 
 874 
 899 
 Tangible assets 
 $ 3,191,430 
 $3,110,007 
 $2,981,177 
 (1) Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the
 Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 73.
 Table 48 Quarterly Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures (1) 
 2024 Quarters 
 2023 Quarters 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Fourth 
 Third 
 Second 
 First 
 Fourth 
 Third 
 Second 
 First 
 Reconciliation of average shareholders’ equity to 
 average tangible shareholders’ equity and average 
 tangible common shareholders’ equity 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 $ 295,134 
 $ 294,985 
 $ 293,403 
 $ 292,511 
 $ 288,618 
 $ 284,975 
 $ 282,425 
 $ 277,252 
 Goodwill 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,022) 
 (69,022) 
 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) 
 (1,932) 
 (1,951) 
 (1,971) 
 (1,990) 
 (2,010) 
 (2,029) 
 (2,049) 
 (2,068) 
 Related deferred tax liabilities 
 859 
 864 
 869 
 874 
 886 
 890 
 895 
 899 
 Tangible shareholders’ equity 
 $ 225,040 
 $ 224,877 
 $ 223,280 
 $ 222,374 
 $ 218,473 
 $ 214,815 
 $ 212,249 
 $ 207,061 
 Preferred stock 
 (23,493) 
 (25,984) 
 (28,113) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 Tangible common shareholders’ equity 
 $ 201,547 
 $ 198,893 
 $ 195,167 
 $ 193,977 
 $ 190,076 
 $ 186,418 
 $ 183,852 
 $ 178,664 
 Reconciliation of period-end shareholders’ equity to 
 period-end tangible shareholders’ equity and 
 period-end tangible common shareholders’ equity 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 $ 295,559 
 $ 296,512 
 $ 293,892 
 $ 293,552 
 $ 291,646 
 $ 287,064 
 $ 283,319 
 $ 280,196 
 Goodwill 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,022) 
 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) 
 (1,919) 
 (1,938) 
 (1,958) 
 (1,977) 
 (1,997) 
 (2,016) 
 (2,036) 
 (2,055) 
 Related deferred tax liabilities 
 851 
 859 
 864 
 869 
 874 
 886 
 890 
 895 
 Tangible shareholders’ equity 
 $ 225,470 
 $ 226,412 
 $ 223,777 
 $ 223,423 
 $ 221,502 
 $ 216,913 
 $ 213,152 
 $ 210,014 
 Preferred stock 
 (23,159) 
 (24,554) 
 (26,548) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 (28,397) 
 Tangible common shareholders’ equity 
 $ 202,311 
 $ 201,858 
 $ 197,229 
 $ 195,026 
 $ 193,105 
 $ 188,516 
 $ 184,755 
 $ 181,617 
 Reconciliation of period-end assets to period-end 
 tangible assets 
 Assets 
 $3,261,519 
$3,324,293 $3,257,996 $3,273,803 $3,180,151 $3,153,090 $3,123,198 $3,194,657 
 Goodwill 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,021) 
 (69,022) 
 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) 
 (1,919) 
 (1,938) 
 (1,958) 
 (1,977) 
 (1,997) 
 (2,016) 
 (2,036) 
 (2,055) 
 Related deferred tax liabilities 
 851 
 859 
 864 
 869 
 874 
 886 
 890 
 895 
 Tangible assets 
 $3,191,430 
 $3,254,193 $3,187,881 $3,203,674 $3,110,007 $3,082,939 $3,053,031 $3,124,475 
 (1) Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the
 Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 73.
 Financial Statements and Notes 
 Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Statement of Income 
 133 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 133 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 134 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
 135 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 136 
 Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles 
 137 
 Note 2 – Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income 
 145 
 Note 3 – Derivatives 
 146 
 Note 4 – Securities 
 154 
 Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 157 
 Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities 
 169 
 Note 7 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 173 
 Note 8 – Leases 
 173 
 Note 9 – Deposits 
 174 
 Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash 
 175 
 Note 11 – Long-term Debt 
 177 
 Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies 
 178 
 Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity 
 183 
 Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 185 
 Note 15 – Earnings Per Common Share 
 186 
 Note 16 – Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions 
 186 
 Note 17 – Employee Benefit Plans 
 188 
 Note 18 – Stock-based Compensation Plans 
 192 
 Note 19 – Income Taxes 
 192 
 Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements 
 194 
 Note 21 – Fair Value Option 
 203 
 Note 22 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 205 
 Note 23 – Business Segment Information 
 206 
 Note 24 – Parent Company Information 
 210 
 Note 25 – Performance by Geographical Area 
 211 
 Glossary 
 212 
 Acronyms 
 214 

 
 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
130
 131
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 The management of Bank of America Corporation is responsible 
 for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over 
 financial reporting. 
 The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is a 
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
 America. The Corporation’s internal control over financial 
 reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain 
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of 
 the assets of the Corporation; (ii) provide reasonable assurance 
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
 preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
 America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation 
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
 management and directors of the Corporation; and (iii) provide 
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection 
 of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
 Corporation’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
 financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over 
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future 
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
 deteriorate. 
 Management 
 assessed 
 the 
 effectiveness 
 of 
 the 
 Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of 
 December 31, 2024 based on the framework set forth by the 
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
 Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013). 
 Based on that assessment, management concluded that, as of 
 December 31, 2024, the Corporation’s internal control over 
 financial reporting is effective. 
 The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as 
 of 
 December 
 31, 
 2024 
 has 
 been 
 audited 
 by 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, an independent registered public 
 accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report which 
 expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the 
 Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of 
 December 31, 2024. 
 Brian T. Moynihan 
 Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Alastair M. Borthwick 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bank 
 of America Corporation 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal 
 Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance 
 sheets of Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries (the 
 “Corporation”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the 
 related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive 
 income, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for 
 each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 
 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the 
 “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the 
 Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of 
 December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal 
 Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee 
 of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
 (COSO). 
 In our
 opinion,
 the consolidated financial statements
 referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
 financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2024
 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
 for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
 2024
 in conformity
 with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion,
 the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective
 internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
 2024,
 based on criteria established in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Corporation’s management is responsible for these 
 consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective 
 internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment 
 of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, 
 included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal 
 Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express 
 opinions on the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements 
 and on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting 
 based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered 
 with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
 States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with 
 respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal 
 securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the 
 Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards 
 of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
 perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about 
 whether the consolidated financial statements are free of 
 material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and 
 whether effective internal control over financial reporting was 
 maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the 
 consolidated 
 financial 
 statements 
 included 
 performing 
 procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
 consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or 
 fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. 
 Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence 
 regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated 
 financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the 
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by 
 management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of 
 the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal 
 control 
 over 
 financial 
 reporting 
 included 
 obtaining 
 an 
 understanding of internal control over financial reporting, 
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing 
 and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of 
 internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also 
 included performing such other procedures as we considered 
 necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits 
 provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over 
 Financial Reporting 
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a 
 process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal 
 control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
 procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in 
 reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
 and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide 
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
 necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
 that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
 only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
 directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance 
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
 acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over 
 financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
 Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future 
 periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
 inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
 deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters
 arising from the current period audit of the consolidated
 financial statements that were communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to
 accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
 financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging,
 subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical
 audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
 consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
 are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
 providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on
 the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses - Commercial and 
 Consumer Card Loans 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial
 statements, the allowance for loan and lease losses represents
 management’s estimate of the expected credit losses in the
 Corporation’s loan and lease portfolio, excluding loans and
 unfunded lending commitments accounted for under the fair
 value option. As of December 31, 2024, the allowance for loan
 and lease losses was $13.2 billion on total loans and leases of
 $1,091.6 billion, which excludes loans accounted for under the
 fair value option. For commercial and consumer card loans, the

 
 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
132
 133
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 expected credit loss is typically estimated using quantitative 
 methods that consider a variety of factors such as historical 
 loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio as well 
 as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. In its loss 
 forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward 
 looking information through the use of macroeconomic 
 scenarios applied over the forecasted life of the assets. These 
 macroeconomic 
 scenarios 
 include 
 variables 
 that 
 have 
 historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in 
 credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, 
 unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product 
 levels and corporate bond spreads. The scenarios that are 
 chosen and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a 
 variety of factors including recent economic events, leading 
 economic indicators, views of internal as well as third-party 
 economists and industry trends. Also included in the allowance 
 for loan and lease losses are qualitative reserves to cover 
 losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, 
 may not be adequately reflected in the quantitative methods or 
 the economic assumptions. Factors that the Corporation 
 considers include changes in lending policies and procedures, 
 business conditions, the nature and size of the portfolio, 
 portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due 
 loans and nonaccrual loans, the effect of external factors such 
 as competition, and legal and regulatory requirements, among 
 others. Further, the Corporation considers the inherent 
 uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical 
 data. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that 
 performing procedures relating to the allowance for loan and 
 lease losses for the commercial and consumer card portfolios is 
 a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and 
 estimation by management in developing lifetime economic 
 forecast scenarios and related weightings to each scenario, 
 which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, 
 subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and in 
 evaluating audit evidence obtained, and (ii) the audit effort 
 involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and 
 evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall 
 opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These 
 procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls 
 relating to the allowance for loan and lease losses, including 
 controls over the evaluation and approval of models, forecast 
 scenarios and related weightings, and qualitative reserves. 
 These procedures also included, among others, testing 
 management’s process for estimating the allowance for loan 
 and lease losses, including (i) evaluating the appropriateness of 
 the loss forecast models and methodology, (ii) evaluating the 
 reasonableness of certain macroeconomic variables, (iii) 
 evaluating the reasonableness of management’s development, 
 selection and weighting of lifetime economic forecast scenarios 
 used in the loss forecast models, (iv) testing the completeness 
 and accuracy of data used in the estimate, and (v) evaluating 
 the reasonableness of certain qualitative reserves made to the 
 model output results to determine the overall allowance for loan 
 and lease losses. The procedures also included the involvement 
 of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist 
 in evaluating the appropriateness of certain loss forecast 
 models, the reasonableness of economic forecast scenarios 
 and related weightings and the reasonableness of certain 
 qualitative reserves. 
 Valuation of Certain Level 3 Financial Instruments 
 As described in Notes 1 and 20 to the consolidated financial 
 statements, 
 the 
 Corporation 
 carries 
 certain 
 financial 
 instruments at fair value, which includes $10.0 billion of assets 
 and $6.3 billion of liabilities classified as Level 3 fair value 
 measurements that are valued on a recurring basis and $3.1 
 billion of assets classified as Level 3 fair value measurements 
 that are valued on a nonrecurring basis, for which the 
 determination of fair value requires significant management 
 judgment or estimation. The Corporation determines the fair 
 value of Level 3 financial instruments using pricing models, 
 discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques that 
 require inputs that are both unobservable and are significant to 
 the overall fair value measurement. Unobservable inputs, such 
 as volatility or implied yield, may be determined using 
 quantitative-based extrapolations, pricing models or other 
 internal 
 methodologies 
 which 
 incorporate 
 management 
 estimates and available market information. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that 
 performing procedures relating to the valuation of certain Level 
 3 financial instruments is a critical audit matter are the 
 significant judgment and estimation used by management to 
 determine the fair value of these financial instruments, which in 
 turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and 
 effort in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidence 
 obtained, including the involvement of professionals with 
 specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and 
 evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall 
 opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These 
 procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls 
 relating to the valuation of financial instruments, including 
 controls related to valuation models, significant unobservable 
 inputs, and data. These procedures also included, among 
 others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill 
 and knowledge to assist in developing an independent estimate 
 of fair value for a sample of these certain financial instruments 
 and 
 comparison 
 of 
 management’s 
 estimate 
 to 
 the 
 independently developed estimate of fair value. Developing the 
 independent estimate involved testing the completeness and 
 accuracy of data provided by management and evaluating the 
 reasonableness of management’s significant unobservable 
 inputs. 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 25, 2025 
 We have served as the Corporation’s auditor since 1958. 
 Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statement of Income 
 (In millions, except per share information) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Net interest income 
 Interest income 
 $ 
 146,607 
 $ 
 130,262 
 $ 
 72,565 
 Interest expense 
 90,547 
 73,331 
 20,103 
 Net interest income 
 56,060 
 56,931 
 52,462 
 Noninterest income 
 Fees and commissions 
 36,291 
 32,009 
 33,212 
 Market making and similar activities 
 12,967 
 12,732 
 12,075 
 Other income (loss) 
 (3,431) 
 (3,091) 
 (2,799) 
 Total noninterest income 
 45,827 
 41,650 
 42,488 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 101,887 
 98,581 
 94,950 
 Provision for credit losses 
 5,821 
 4,394 
 2,543 
 Noninterest expense 
 Compensation and benefits 
 40,182 
 38,330 
 36,447 
 Occupancy and equipment 
 7,289 
 7,164 
 7,071 
 Information processing and communications 
 7,231 
 6,707 
 6,279 
 Product delivery and transaction related 
 3,494 
 3,608 
 3,653 
 Professional fees 
 2,669 
 2,159 
 2,142 
 Marketing 
 1,956 
 1,927 
 1,825 
 Other general operating 
 3,991 
 5,950 
 4,021 
 Total noninterest expense 
 66,812 
 65,845 
 61,438 
 Income before income taxes 
 29,254 
 28,342 
 30,969 
 Income tax expense 
 2,122 
 1,827 
 3,441 
 Net income 
 $ 
 27,132 
 $ 
 26,515 
 $ 
 27,528 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 1,629 
 1,649 
 1,513 
 Net income applicable to common shareholders 
 $ 
 25,503 
 $ 
 24,866 
 $ 
 26,015 
 Per common share information 
 Earnings 
 $ 
 3.25 
 $ 
 3.10 
 $ 
 3.21 
 Diluted earnings 
 3.21 
 3.08 
 3.19 
 Average common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,855.5 
 8,028.6 
 8,113.7 
 Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,935.8 
 8,080.5 
 8,167.5 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Net income 
 $ 
 27,132 
 $ 
 26,515 
 $ 
 27,528 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net-of-tax: 
 Net change in debt securities 
 158 
 573 
 (6,028) 
 Net change in debit valuation adjustments 
 (127) 
 (686) 
 755 
 Net change in derivatives 
 2,428 
 3,919 
 (10,055) 
 Employee benefit plan adjustments 
 131 
 (439) 
 (667) 
 Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments 
 (87) 
 1 
 (57) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 2,503 
 3,368 
 (16,052) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) 
 $ 
 29,635 
 $ 
 29,883 
 $ 
 11,476 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
134
 135
 Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
 Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Assets 
 Cash and due from banks 
 $ 
 26,003 
 $ 
 27,892 
 Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other banks 
 264,111 
 305,181 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 290,114 
 333,073 
 Time deposits placed and other short-term investments 
 6,372 
 8,346 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 (includes $144,501 and $133,053 measured at fair value) 
 274,709 
 280,624 
 Trading account assets (includes $170,328 and $130,815 pledged as collateral) 
 314,460 
 277,354 
 Derivative assets 
 40,948 
 39,323 
 Debt securities: 
 Carried at fair value 
 358,607 
 276,852 
 Held-to-maturity, at cost (fair value $450,548 and $496,597) 
 558,677 
 594,555 
 Total debt securities 
 917,284 
 871,407 
 Loans and leases (includes $4,249 and $3,569 measured at fair value) 
 1,095,835 
 1,053,732 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 (13,240) 
 (13,342) 
 Loans and leases, net of allowance 
 1,082,595 
 1,040,390 
 Premises and equipment, net 
 12,168 
 11,855 
 Goodwill 
 69,021 
 69,021 
 Loans held-for-sale (includes $2,214 and $2,059 measured at fair value) 
 9,545 
 6,002 
 Customer and other receivables 
 82,247 
 81,881 
 Other assets (includes $13,176 and $11,861 measured at fair value) 
 162,056 
 160,875 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 3,261,519 
 $ 
 3,180,151 
 Liabilities 
 Deposits in U.S. offices: 
 Noninterest-bearing 
 $ 
 507,561 
 $ 
 530,619 
 Interest-bearing (includes $310 and $284 measured at fair value) 
 1,329,014 
 1,273,904 
 Deposits in non-U.S. offices: 
 Noninterest-bearing 
 16,297 
 16,427 
 Interest-bearing 
 112,595 
 102,877 
 Total deposits 
 1,965,467 
 1,923,827 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 
 (includes $192,859 and $178,609 measured at fair value) 
 331,758 
 283,887 
 Trading account liabilities 
 92,543 
 95,530 
 Derivative liabilities 
 39,353 
 43,432 
 Short-term borrowings (includes $6,245 and $4,690 measured at fair value) 
 43,391 
 32,098 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (includes $13,199 and $11,473 measured at fair value 
 and $1,096 and $1,209 of reserve for unfunded lending commitments) 
 210,169 
 207,527 
 Long-term debt (includes $50,005 and $42,809 measured at fair value) 
 283,279 
 302,204 
 Total liabilities 
 2,965,960 
 2,888,505 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities 
 and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies) 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; authorized – 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding – 3,877,917 and 4,088,099 shares 
 23,159 
 28,397 
 Common stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.01 par value; authorized – 12,800,000,000 shares; 
 issued and outstanding – 7,610,862,311 and 7,895,457,665 shares 
 45,336 
 56,365 
 Retained earnings 
 242,349 
 224,672 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 (15,285) 
 (17,788) 
 Total shareholders’ equity 
 295,559 
 291,646 
 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
 $ 
 3,261,519 
 $ 
 3,180,151 
 Assets of consolidated variable interest entities included in total assets above (isolated to settle the liabilities of the variable interest entities) 
 Trading account assets 
 $ 
 5,575 
 $ 
 6,054 
 Loans and leases 
 19,144 
 18,276 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 (919) 
 (826) 
 Loans and leases, net of allowance 
 18,225 
 17,450 
 All other assets 
 319 
 269 
 Total assets of consolidated variable interest entities 
 $ 
 24,119 
 $ 
 23,773 
 Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities included in total liabilities above 
 Short-term borrowings (includes $0 and $23 of non-recourse short-term borrowings) 
 $ 
 3,329 
 $ 
 2,957 
 Long-term debt (includes $8,457 and $8,456 of non-recourse debt) 
 8,457 
 8,456 
 All other liabilities (includes $21 and $19 of non-recourse liabilities) 
 21 
 19 
 Total liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities 
 $ 
 11,807 
 $ 
 11,432 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 
 (In millions) 
 Preferred 
 Stock 
 Common Stock and 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total 
 Shareholders’ 
 Equity 
Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 $ 
 24,708 
 8,077.8 
 $ 
 62,398 
 $ 
 188,064 
 $ 
 (5,104) $ 
 270,066 
 Net income 
 27,528 
 27,528 
 Net change in debt securities 
 (6,028) 
 (6,028) 
 Net change in debit valuation adjustments 
 755 
 755 
 Net change in derivatives 
 (10,055) 
 (10,055) 
 Employee benefit plan adjustments 
 (667) 
 (667) 
 Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments 
 (57) 
 (57) 
 Dividends declared: 
 Common 
 (6,963) 
 (6,963) 
 Preferred 
 (1,596) 
 (1,596) 
 Issuance of preferred stock 
 4,426 
 4,426 
 Redemption of preferred stock 
 (737) 
 83 
 (654) 
 Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and other 
 44.9 
 1,545 
 (30) 
 1,515 
 Common stock repurchased 
 (125.9) 
 (5,073) 
 (5,073) 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 $ 
 28,397 
 7,996.8 
 $ 
 58,953 
 $ 
 207,003 
 $ 
 (21,156) $ 
 273,197 
 Cumulative adjustment for adoption of credit loss accounting 
 standard 
 184 
 184 
 Net income 
 26,515 
 26,515 
 Net change in debt securities 
 573 
 573 
 Net change in debit valuation adjustments 
 (686) 
 (686) 
 Net change in derivatives 
 3,919 
 3,919 
 Employee benefit plan adjustments 
 (439) 
 (439) 
 Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments 
 1 
 1 
 Dividends declared: 
 Common 
 (7,374) 
 (7,374) 
 Preferred 
 (1,649) 
 (1,649) 
 Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and other 
 45.4 
 1,988 
 (7) 
 1,981 
 Common stock repurchased 
 (146.7) 
 (4,576) 
 (4,576) 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 28,397 
 7,895.5 
 $ 
 56,365 
 $ 
 224,672 
 $ 
 (17,788) $ 
 291,646 
 Net income 
 27,132 
 27,132 
 Net change in debt securities 
 158 
 158 
 Net change in debit valuation adjustments 
 (127) 
 (127) 
 Net change in derivatives 
 2,428 
 2,428 
 Employee benefit plan adjustments 
 131 
 131 
 Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments 
 (87) 
 (87) 
 Dividends declared: 
 Common 
 (7,822) 
 (7,822) 
 Preferred 
 (1,613) 
 (1,613) 
 Redemption of preferred stock 
 (5,238) 
 (16) 
 (5,254) 
 Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and other 
 46.9 
 2,075 
 (4) 
 2,071 
 Common stock repurchased 
 (331.5) 
 (13,104) 
 (13,104) 
 Balance, December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 23,159 
 7,610.9 
 $ 
 45,336 
 $ 
 242,349 
 $ 
 (15,285) $ 
 295,559 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
136
 137
 Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Operating activities 
 Net income 
 $ 
 27,132 
 $ 
 26,515 
 $ 
 27,528 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Provision for credit losses 
 5,821 
 4,394 
 2,543 
 (Gains) losses on sales of debt securities 
 29 
 405 
 (32) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,189 
 2,057 
 1,978 
 Net (accretion) amortization of discount/premium on debt securities 
 (330) 
 (397) 
 2,072 
 Deferred income taxes 
 (1,734) 
 (2,011) 
 739 
 Amortization of stock-based compensation 
 3,433 
 2,942 
 2,862 
 Loans held-for-sale: 
 Originations and purchases 
 (36,198) 
 (15,621) 
 (24,862) 
 Proceeds from sales and paydowns of loans originally classified as held for sale and instruments 
 from related securitization activities 
 31,877 
 16,262 
 31,567 
 Net change in: 
 Trading and derivative assets/liabilities 
 (45,504) 
 44,391 
 (95,772) 
 Other assets 
 (4,492) 
 (23,944) 
 20,799 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 1,450 
 (17,719) 
 23,029 
 Other operating activities, net 
 7,522 
 7,708 
 1,222 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (8,805) 
 44,982 
 (6,327) 
 Investing activities 
 Net change in: 
 Time deposits placed and other short-term investments 
 1,974 
 (1,087) 
 (115) 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 8,415 
 (13,050) 
 (16,854) 
 Debt securities carried at fair value: 
 Proceeds from sales 
 69,925 
 101,165 
 69,114 
 Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 
 237,939 
 148,699 
 110,195 
 Purchases 
 (390,911) 
 (290,959) 
 (134,962) 
 Held-to-maturity debt securities: 
 Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 
 34,591 
 36,955 
 63,852 
 Purchases 
 —
 (98) 
 (24,096) 
 Loans and leases: 
 Proceeds from sales of loans originally classified as held for investment and instruments 
 from related securitization activities 
 9,565 
 11,081 
 26,757 
 Purchases 
 (5,470) 
 (5,351) 
 (5,798) 
 Other changes in loans and leases, net 
 (52,576) 
 (17,484) 
 (86,010) 
 Other investing activities, net 
 (4,145) 
 (5,258) 
 (4,612) 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (90,693) 
 (35,387) 
 (2,529) 
 Financing activities 
 Net change in: 
 Deposits 
 41,640 
 (6,514) 
 (134,190) 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 
 47,871 
 88,252 
 3,306 
 Short-term borrowings 
 12,574 
 5,162 
 3,179 
 Long-term debt: 
 Proceeds from issuance 
 56,683 
 65,396 
 65,910 
 Retirement 
 (70,411) 
 (44,571) 
 (34,055) 
 Preferred stock: 
 Proceeds from issuance 
 —
 —
 4,426 
 Redemption 
 (5,254) 
 —
 (654) 
 Common stock repurchased 
 (13,104) 
 (4,576) 
 (5,073) 
 Cash dividends paid 
 (9,503) 
 (9,087) 
 (8,576) 
 Other financing activities, net 
 (127) 
 (717) 
 (312) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 60,369 
 93,345 
 (106,039) 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (3,830) 
 (70) 
 (3,123) 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (42,959) 
 102,870 
 (118,018) 
 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 
 333,073 
 230,203 
 348,221 
 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 
 $ 
 290,114 
 $ 
 333,073 
 $ 
 230,203 
 Supplemental cash flow disclosures 
 Interest paid 
 $ 
 89,687 
 $ 
 69,604 
 $ 
 18,526 
 Income taxes paid, net 
 3,822 
 3,405 
 2,288 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 NOTE 1 Summary of Significant Accounting 
 Principles 
 Bank of America Corporation, a bank holding company and a 
 financial holding company, provides a diverse range of financial 
 services and products throughout the U.S. and in certain 
 international markets. The term “the Corporation” as used 
 herein may refer to Bank of America Corporation, individually, 
 Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of 
 Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. 
 Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of 
 the Corporation and its majority-owned subsidiaries and those 
 variable interest entities (VIEs) where the Corporation is the 
 primary beneficiary. Intercompany accounts and transactions 
 have been eliminated. Results of operations of acquired 
 companies are included from the dates of acquisition, and for 
 VIEs, from the dates that the Corporation became the primary 
 beneficiary. Assets held in an agency or fiduciary capacity are 
 not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The 
 Corporation accounts for investments in companies for which it 
 owns a voting interest and for which it has the ability to exercise 
 significant influence over operating and financing decisions 
 using the equity method of accounting. These investments, 
 which include the Corporation’s interests in affordable housing 
 and renewable energy partnerships, are recorded in other 
 assets. Equity method investments are subject to impairment 
 testing, and the Corporation’s proportionate share of income or 
 loss is included in other income. 
 The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
 conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
 United States of America requires management to make 
 estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and 
 disclosures. Actual results could materially differ from those 
 estimates and assumptions. 
 New Accounting Standard Adopted 
 Segment Reporting 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board amended the 
 segment reporting requirements to add disclosures of 
 incremental segment expense categories. The Corporation 
 adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2024 on a 
 retrospective basis. The additional disclosures are included in 
 Note 23 – Business Segment Information. 
 Significant Accounting Principles 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash items in
 the process of collection, cash segregated under federal and
 other
 brokerage 
 regulations,
 and 
 amounts 
 due 
 from
 correspondent banks, the Federal Reserve Bank and certain
 non-U.S. central banks. Certain cash balances are restricted as
 to withdrawal or usage by legally binding contractual agreements
 or regulatory requirements.
 Securities Financing Agreements 
 Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 
 (securities financing agreements) are treated as collateralized 
 financing transactions except in instances where the transaction 
 is required to be accounted for as individual sale and purchase 
 transactions. Generally, these agreements are recorded at 
 acquisition or sale price plus accrued interest. In instances 
 where the interest is negative, the Corporation’s policy is to 
 present negative interest on financial assets as interest income 
 and negative interest on financial liabilities as interest expense. 
 For securities financing agreements that are accounted for 
 under the fair value option, the changes in the fair value of 
 these securities financing agreements are recorded in market 
 making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of 
 Income. 
 The Corporation’s policy is to monitor the market value of 
 the principal amount loaned under resale agreements and 
 obtain 
 collateral 
 from 
 or 
 return 
 collateral 
 pledged 
 to 
 counterparties 
 when 
 appropriate. 
 Securities 
 financing 
 agreements do not create material credit risk due to these 
 collateral provisions; therefore, any allowance for loan losses is 
 insignificant. 
 In transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a
 securities lending agreement and receives securities that can
 be pledged or sold as collateral, it recognizes an asset on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, representing the
 securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to
 return those securities.
 Trading Instruments 
 Financial instruments utilized in trading activities are carried at
 fair value. Fair value is generally based on quoted market prices
 for the same or similar assets and liabilities. If these market
 prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on
 dealer
 quotes,
 pricing 
 models,
 discounted 
 cash 
 flow
 methodologies, or similar techniques where the determination
 of fair value may require significant management judgment or
 estimation. Realized gains and losses are recorded on a trade
 date basis. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are
 recognized in market making and similar activities.
 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading 
 or to support risk management activities. Derivatives used in 
 risk management activities include derivatives that are both 
 designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships and 
 derivatives used to hedge market risks in relationships that are 
 not designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships 
 (referred to as other risk management activities). The 
 Corporation manages interest rate and foreign currency 
 exchange rate sensitivity predominantly through the use of 
 derivatives. Derivatives utilized by the Corporation include 
 swaps, futures and forward settlement contracts, and option 
 contracts. 
 All derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheet at fair value, taking into consideration the effects of
 legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the
 Corporation to settle positive and negative positions and offset
 cash collateral held with the same counterparty on a net basis.
 For exchange-traded contracts, fair value is based on quoted
 market prices in active or inactive markets or is derived from
 observable market-based pricing parameters, similar to those
 applied to over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. For non-exchange
 traded contracts, fair value is based on dealer quotes, pricing
 models,
 discounted cash flow methodologies or
 similar
 techniques for which the determination of fair value may require
 significant management judgment or estimation.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
138
 139
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Valuations of derivative assets and liabilities reflect the fair 
 value of the instrument including counterparty credit risk and the 
 Corporation’s own credit standing, as applicable. 
 Trading Derivatives and Other Risk Management Activities 
 Derivatives held for trading purposes are included in derivative
 assets or derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheet with changes in fair value included in market making and
 similar activities.
 Derivatives used for other risk management activities are
 included in derivative assets or derivative liabilities. Derivatives
 used in other risk management activities have not been
 designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships because
 they did not qualify or the risk that is being mitigated pertains to
 an item that is reported at fair value through earnings so that
 the effect of measuring the derivative instrument and the asset
 or liability to which the risk exposure pertains will offset in the
 Consolidated Statement of Income to the extent effective. The
 changes in the fair value of derivatives that serve to mitigate
 certain risks associated with mortgage servicing rights (MSRs),
 interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) and first-lien mortgage
 loans held-for-sale (LHFS) that are originated by the Corporation
 are recorded in other income. Changes in the fair value of
 derivatives that serve to mitigate interest rate risk and foreign
 currency
 risk are included in market
 making and similar
 activities. Credit derivatives are also used by the Corporation to
 mitigate the risk associated with various credit exposures. The
 changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in
 market making and similar activities and other income.
 Derivatives Used For Hedge Accounting Purposes 
 (Accounting Hedges) 
 For accounting hedges, the Corporation formally documents at
 inception all relationships between hedging instruments and
 hedged items, as well as the risk management objectives and
 strategies for undertaking various accounting hedges. The
 Corporation primarily uses regression analysis at the inception
 of a hedge and for each reporting period thereafter to assess
 whether the derivative used in an accounting hedge transaction
 is expected to be and has been highly effective in offsetting
 changes in the fair value or cash flows of a hedged item or
 forecasted transaction. The Corporation discontinues hedge
 accounting when it is determined that a derivative is not
 expected to be or has ceased to be highly effective as a hedge.
 Additionally, the Corporation may choose to discontinue a hedge
 relationship at any time.
 Fair value hedges are used to protect against changes in the
 fair value of the Corporation’s assets and liabilities that are
 attributable to interest rate or foreign exchange volatility.
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value
 hedges are recorded in earnings, together and in the same
 income statement line item with changes in the fair value of the
 related hedged item. If a derivative instrument in a fair value
 hedge is terminated or the hedge designation removed, the
 previous adjustments to the carrying value of the hedged asset
 or liability are subsequently accounted for in the same manner
 as other components of the carrying value of that asset or
 liability.
 For
 interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
 liabilities, such adjustments are amortized to earnings over the
 remaining life of the respective asset or liability.
 Cash flow hedges are used primarily to minimize the
 variability in cash flows of assets and liabilities or forecasted
 transactions caused by interest rate or foreign exchange rate
 fluctuations. The Corporation also uses cash flow hedges to
 hedge the price risk associated with deferred compensation.
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives used in cash flow
 hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
 income (OCI) and are reclassified into the line item in the
 income statement in which the hedged item is recorded in the
 same period the hedged item affects earnings. Components of
 a derivative that are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness
 are recorded in the same income statement line item as the
 hedged item.
 Net investment hedges are used to manage the foreign
 exchange rate sensitivity arising from a net investment in a
 foreign operation. Changes in the spot prices of derivatives that
 are designated as net investment hedges of foreign operations
 are recorded as a component
 of
 accumulated OCI.
 The
 remaining components of these derivatives are excluded in
 assessing hedge effectiveness and are recorded in market
 making and similar activities.
 Securities 
 Debt securities are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
 at their trade date. Their classification is dependent on the
 purpose for which the securities were acquired. Debt securities
 purchased for use in the Corporation’s trading activities are
 reported in trading account assets at fair value with unrealized
 gains and losses included in market making and similar
 activities. Substantially all other debt securities purchased are
 used in the Corporation’s asset and liability management (ALM)
 activities and are reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
 as either debt securities carried at fair value or as held-to
 maturity (HTM) debt securities. Debt securities carried at fair
 value are either
 available-for-sale (AFS)
 securities with
 unrealized gains and losses net-of-tax included in accumulated
 OCI or carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses
 reported in market making and similar activities. HTM debt
 securities are debt securities that management has the intent
 and ability to hold to maturity and are reported at amortized
 cost. If more than 85 percent of the principal has been collected
 on level-payment mortgage-backed HTM debt securities since
 their acquisition, the debt securities, if disposed, are treated as
 matured for classification purposes.
 The Corporation evaluates each AFS security where the value
 has declined below amortized cost. If the Corporation intends to
 sell or believes it is more likely than not that it will be required
 to sell the debt security, it is written down to fair value through
 earnings. For AFS debt securities the Corporation intends to
 hold, the Corporation evaluates the debt securities for ECL,
 except for debt securities that are guaranteed by the U.S.
 Treasury, U.S. government agencies or sovereign entities of high
 credit quality where the Corporation applies a zero credit loss
 assumption.
 For
 the remaining AFS debt
 securities,
 the
 Corporation considers qualitative parameters such as internal
 and external credit ratings and the value of underlying collateral.
 If an AFS debt security fails any of the qualitative parameters, a
 discounted cash flow analysis is used by the Corporation to
 determine if a portion of the unrealized loss is a result of an
 ECL. The Corporation will then recognize either credit loss
 expense or a reversal of credit loss expense in other income for
 the amount necessary to adjust the debt securities valuation
 allowance to its current estimate of expected credit losses.
 Cash flows expected to be collected are estimated using all
 relevant
 information available such as remaining payment
 terms, prepayment speeds, the financial condition of the issuer,
 expected defaults and the value of the underlying collateral. If
 any of the decline in fair value is related to market factors, that
 amount is recognized in accumulated OCI. In certain instances,
 the credit loss may exceed the total decline in fair value, in
 which case, the allowance recorded is limited to the difference
 between the amortized cost and the fair value of the asset.
 The Corporation separately evaluates its HTM debt securities
 for any credit losses, of which substantially all qualify for the
 zero loss assumption.
 For
 the remaining securities,
 the
 Corporation performs a discounted cash flow analysis to
 estimate any credit losses which are then recognized as part of
 the allowance for credit losses.
 Interest on debt securities, including amortization of 
 premiums and accretion of discounts, is included in interest 
 income. Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted to 
 interest income at a constant effective yield over the contractual 
 lives of the securities. Realized gains and losses from the sales 
 or dispositions of debt securities are determined using the 
 specific identification method. 
 Equity securities with readily determinable fair values that 
 are not held for trading purposes are carried at fair value with 
 unrealized gains and losses included in other income. Equity 
 securities that do not have readily determinable fair values are 
 recorded at cost less impairment, if any, plus or minus 
 qualifying observable price changes. These securities are 
 reported in other assets. 
 Loans and Leases 
 Loans, with the exception of loans accounted for under the fair
 value option,
 are reported at
 their
 outstanding principal
 balances net of any unearned income, charge-offs, unamortized
 deferred fees and costs on originated loans, and for purchased
 loans, net of any unamortized premiums or discounts. Loan
 origination fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred
 and recognized as adjustments to interest income over the lives
 of the related loans. Unearned income, discounts and premiums
 are amortized to interest income using a constant effective yield
 methodology. The Corporation elects to account for certain
 consumer and commercial loans under the fair value option with
 interest reported in interest income and changes in fair value
 reported in market making and similar activities or other
 income.
 Under 
 applicable 
 accounting 
 guidance, 
 for 
 reporting 
 purposes, the loan and lease portfolio is categorized by portfolio 
 segment and, within each portfolio segment, by class of 
 financing receivable. A portfolio segment is defined as the level 
 at which an entity develops and documents a systematic 
 methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses, and a 
 class of financing receivable is defined as the level of 
 disaggregation of portfolio segments based on the initial 
 measurement attribute, risk characteristics and methods for 
 assessing risk. The Corporation’s three portfolio segments are 
 Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and 
 Commercial. The classes within the Consumer Real Estate 
 portfolio segment are residential mortgage and home equity. 
 The classes within the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio 
 segment are credit card, direct/indirect consumer and other 
 consumer. The classes within the Commercial portfolio segment 
 are U.S. commercial, non-U.S. commercial, commercial real 
 estate, commercial lease financing and U.S. small business 
 commercial. 
 Leases 
 The Corporation provides equipment financing to its customers 
 through a variety of lessor arrangements. Direct financing 
 leases and sales-type leases are carried at the aggregate of 
 lease payments receivable plus the estimated residual value of 
 the leased property less unearned income, which is accreted to 
 interest income over the lease terms using methods that 
 approximate the interest method. Operating lease income is 
 recognized on a straight-line basis. The Corporation's lease 
 arrangements generally do not contain non-lease components. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ECL on funded consumer and commercial loans and leases
 is referred to as the allowance for loan and lease losses and is
 reported separately as a contra-asset to loans and leases on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The ECL for unfunded lending
 commitments, including home equity lines of credit (HELOCs),
 standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and binding unfunded loan
 commitments is reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in
 accrued expenses and other liabilities. The provision for credit
 losses related to the loan and lease portfolio and unfunded
 lending commitments is reported in the Consolidated Statement
 of Income at the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for
 credit losses to the current estimate of ECL.
 For loans and leases, the ECL is typically estimated using
 quantitative methods that consider a variety of factors such as
 historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the
 portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the
 loan. The life of the loan for closed-ended products is based on
 the contractual maturity of the loan adjusted for any expected
 prepayments. The contractual maturity includes any extension
 options that are at the sole discretion of the borrower. For open
 ended products (e.g., lines of credit), the ECL is determined
 based on the maximum repayment term associated with future
 draws from credit lines unless those lines of credit are
 unconditionally cancellable (e.g., credit cards) in which case the
 Corporation does not record any allowance.
 In 
 its 
 loss 
 forecasting 
 framework, 
 the 
 Corporation 
 incorporates forward-looking information through the use of 
 macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecasted life of the 
 assets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that 
 have historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in 
 credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, 
 unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product 
 levels and corporate bond spreads. As any one economic 
 outlook is inherently uncertain, the Corporation leverages 
 multiple scenarios. The scenarios that are chosen each quarter 
 and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of 
 factors including recent economic events, leading economic 
 indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and 
 industry trends. 
 The estimate of credit losses includes expected recoveries
 of amounts previously charged off (i.e., negative allowance). If a
 loan has been charged off, the expected cash flows on the loan
 are not limited by the current amortized cost balance. Instead,
 expected cash flows can be assumed up to the unpaid principal
 balance immediately prior to the charge-off.
 Included in the allowance for loan and lease losses are 
 qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in the 
 Corporation's assessment, may not be adequately reflected in 
 the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions 
 described above. For example, factors that the Corporation 
 considers include changes in lending policies and procedures, 
 business conditions, the nature and size of the portfolio, 
 portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due 
 loans and nonaccrual loans, the effect of external factors such 
 as competition, and legal and regulatory requirements, among 
 others. Further, the Corporation considers the inherent 
 uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical 
 data. 
 With the exception of the Corporation's credit card portfolio, 
 the Corporation does not include reserves for interest receivable 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
140
 141
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 in the measurement of the allowance for credit losses as the
 Corporation 
 generally
 classifies 
 consumer
 loans 
 as
 nonperforming at 90 days past due and reverses interest
 income for these loans at that time. For credit card loans, the
 Corporation reserves for interest and fees as part of the
 allowance for loan and lease losses. Upon charge-off of a credit
 card loan, the Corporation reverses the interest and fee income
 against the income statement line item where it was originally
 recorded.
 The Corporation has identified the following three portfolio 
 segments and measures the allowance for credit losses using 
 the following methods. 
 Consumer Real Estate 
 To estimate ECL for consumer loans secured by residential real
 estate, the Corporation estimates the number of loans that will
 default over the life of the existing portfolio, after factoring in
 estimated 
 prepayments,
 using 
 quantitative 
 modeling
 methodologies. The attributes that are most significant in
 estimating the Corporation’s ECL include refreshed loan-to-value
 (LTV) or, in the case of a subordinated lien, refreshed combined
 LTV (CLTV), borrower credit score, months since origination and
 geography, all of which are further broken down by present
 collection status (whether the loan is current, delinquent, in
 default, or in bankruptcy). The estimates are based on the
 Corporation’s historical experience with the loan portfolio,
 adjusted to reflect the economic outlook. The outlook on the
 unemployment rate and consumer real estate prices are key
 factors that impact the frequency and severity of loss estimates.
 The Corporation does not reserve for credit losses on the
 unpaid principal balance of loans insured by the Federal
 Housing Administration (FHA) and long-term standby loans, as
 these loans are fully insured. The Corporation records a reserve
 for unfunded lending commitments for the ECL associated with
 the undrawn portion of the Corporation’s HELOCs, which can
 only be canceled by the Corporation if certain criteria are met.
 The ECL associated with these unfunded lending commitments
 is calculated using the same models and methodologies noted
 above and incorporate utilization assumptions at
 time of
 default.
 For loans that are more than 180 days past due, the
 Corporation bases the allowance on the estimated fair value of
 the underlying collateral as of the reporting date less costs to
 sell. The fair value of the collateral securing these loans is
 generally determined using an automated valuation model (AVM)
 that estimates the value of a property by reference to market
 data including sales of comparable properties and price trends
 specific to the Metropolitan Statistical Area in which the
 property being valued is located. In the event that an AVM value
 is not available, the Corporation utilizes publicized indices or if
 these methods provide less reliable valuations, the Corporation
 uses appraisals or broker price opinions to estimate the fair
 value of the collateral. While there is inherent imprecision in
 these valuations,
 the Corporation believes that
 they
 are
 representative of this portfolio in the aggregate.
 For loans that are more than 180 days past due, with the
 exception of
 the Corporation’s fully
 insured portfolio,
 the
 outstanding balance of loans that is in excess of the estimated
 property value after adjusting for costs to sell is charged off. If
 the estimated property value decreases in periods subsequent
 to the initial charge-off, the Corporation will record an additional
 charge-off;
 however,
 if
 the value increases in periods
 subsequent to the charge-off, the Corporation will adjust the
 allowance to account for the increase but not to a level above
 the cumulative charge-off amount.
 Credit Cards and Other Consumer 
 Credit cards are revolving lines of credit without a defined 
 maturity date. The estimated life of a credit card receivable is 
 determined by estimating the amount and timing of expected 
 future payments (e.g., borrowers making full payments, 
 minimum payments or somewhere in between) that it will take 
 for a receivable balance to pay off. The ECL on the future 
 payments incorporates the spending behavior of a borrower 
 through time using key borrower-specific factors and the 
 economic outlook described above. The Corporation applies all 
 expected payments in accordance with the Credit Card 
 Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (i.e., 
 paying down the highest interest rate bucket first). Then 
 forecasted future payments are prioritized to pay off the oldest 
 balance until it is brought to zero or an expected charge-off 
 amount. Unemployment rate outlook, borrower credit score, 
 delinquency status and historical payment behavior are all key 
 inputs into the credit card receivable loss forecasting model. 
 Future draws on the credit card lines are excluded from the ECL 
 as they are unconditionally cancellable. 
 The ECL for the consumer vehicle lending portfolio is also 
 determined using quantitative methods supplemented with 
 qualitative analysis. The quantitative model estimates ECL 
 giving consideration to key borrower and loan characteristics 
 such as delinquency status, borrower credit score, LTV ratio, 
 underlying collateral type and collateral value. 
 Commercial 
 The ECL on commercial loans is forecasted using models that
 estimate credit losses over the loan’s contractual life at an
 individual loan level. The models use the contractual terms to
 forecast future principal cash flows while also considering
 expected prepayments. For open-ended commitments such as
 revolving lines of credit, changes in funded balance are captured
 by forecasting a borrower’s draw and payment behavior over the
 remaining life of the commitment. For loans collateralized with
 commercial real estate and for which the underlying asset is the
 primary source of repayment, the loss forecasting models
 consider key loan and customer attributes such as LTV ratio,
 net operating income and debt service coverage, and captures
 variations in behavior according to property type and region. The
 outlook on the unemployment rate, gross domestic product, and
 forecasted real estate prices are utilized to determine indicators
 such as rent levels and vacancy rates, which impact the ECL
 estimate. For all other commercial loans and leases, the loss
 forecasting model determines the probabilities of transition to
 different credit risk ratings or default at each point over the life
 of the asset based on the borrower’s current credit risk rating,
 industry sector, size of the exposure and the geographic market.
 The severity of loss is determined based on the type of
 collateral securing the exposure, the size of the exposure, the
 borrower’s industry sector, any guarantors and the geographic
 market. Assumptions of expected loss are conditioned to the
 economic outlook, and the model considers key economic
 variables such as unemployment rate, gross domestic product,
 corporate bond spreads, real estate and other asset prices and
 equity market returns.
 In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, the 
 Corporation also estimates ECL related to unfunded lending 
 commitments such as letters of credit, financial guarantees, 
 unfunded bankers acceptances and binding loan commitments, 
 excluding commitments accounted for under the fair value 
 option. Reserves are estimated for the unfunded exposure using 
 the same models and methodologies as the funded exposure 
 and 
 are 
 reported 
 as 
 reserves 
 for 
 unfunded 
 lending 
 commitments. 
 Nonperforming Loans and Leases, Charge-offs and 
 Delinquencies 
 Nonperforming loans and leases generally include loans and
 leases that have been placed on nonaccrual status. Loans
 accounted for under the fair value option and LHFS are not
 reported as nonperforming. When a nonaccrual loan is deemed
 uncollectible, it is charged off against the allowance for credit
 losses. If the charged-off amount is later recovered, the amount
 is reversed through the allowance for credit losses at the
 recovery date. Charge-offs are reported net of recoveries (net
 charge-offs). If recoveries for the period are greater than charge
 offs, net charge-offs are reported as a negative amount.
 In accordance with the Corporation’s policies, consumer real
 estate-secured loans, including residential mortgages and home
 equity loans, are generally placed on nonaccrual status and
 classified as nonperforming at 90 days past due unless
 repayment of the loan is insured by the FHA or through
 individually insured long-term standby agreements with Fannie
 Mae (FNMA) or Freddie Mac (FHLMC) (the fully-insured portfolio).
 Residential mortgage loans in the fully-insured portfolio are not
 placed on nonaccrual status and, therefore, are not reported as
 nonperforming. Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on
 nonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming when the
 underlying first-lien mortgage loan becomes 90 days past due
 even if the junior-lien loan is current. The outstanding balance of
 real estate-secured loans that is in excess of the estimated
 property value less costs to sell is charged off no later than the
 end of the month in which the loan becomes 180 days past due
 unless the loan is fully insured, or for loans in bankruptcy, within
 60 days of receipt of notification of filing, with the remaining
 balance classified as nonperforming.
 Credit
 card and other
 unsecured consumer
 loans are
 charged off when the loan becomes 180 days past due, within
 60 days after receipt of notification of death or bankruptcy or
 upon confirmation of fraud. These loans continue to accrue
 interest until they are charged off and, therefore, are not
 reported as nonperforming loans. Consumer vehicle loans are
 placed on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days past
 due, within 60 days after receipt of notification of bankruptcy or
 death or upon confirmation of fraud, unless the borrower’s
 performance indicates that repayment is likely to occur. These
 loans are charged off to the estimated fair value of the collateral
 less expected disposal costs when the loans become 120 days
 past due, upon repossession of the collateral, within 60 days
 after receipt of notification of bankruptcy or death or upon
 confirmation of fraud, and when the borrower’s ability to pay
 cannot be validated. If repossession of the collateral is not
 expected, the loans are fully charged off.
 Commercial loans and leases, excluding business card 
 loans, that are past due 90 days or more as to principal or 
 interest, or where reasonable doubt exists as to timely 
 collection, including loans that are individually identified as 
 being impaired, are generally placed on nonaccrual status and 
 classified as nonperforming unless well-secured and in the 
 process of collection. 
 Business card loans are charged off in the same manner as
 consumer credit card loans. Other commercial loans and leases
 are generally charged off when all or a portion of the principal
 amount is determined to be uncollectible.
 The entire balance of a consumer loan or commercial loan or
 lease is contractually delinquent if the minimum payment is not
 received by the specified due date on the customer’s billing
 statement. Interest and fees continue to accrue on past due
 loans and leases until the date the loan is placed on nonaccrual
 status, if applicable. Accrued interest receivable is reversed
 when loans and leases are placed on nonaccrual status.
 Interest collections on nonaccruing loans and leases for which
 the ultimate collectability of principal is uncertain are applied as
 principal reductions; otherwise, such collections are credited to
 income when received. Loans and leases may be restored to
 accrual status when all principal and interest is current and full
 repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is
 expected.
 Loans Held-for-sale 
 Loans that the Corporation intends to sell in the foreseeable
 future, including residential mortgages, loan syndications, and
 to a lesser degree, commercial real estate, consumer finance
 and other loans, are reported as LHFS and are carried at the
 lower of aggregate cost or fair value. The Corporation accounts
 for certain LHFS, including residential mortgage LHFS, under the
 fair value option. Loan origination costs for LHFS carried at the
 lower of cost or fair value are capitalized as part of the carrying
 value of the loans and, upon the sale of a loan, are recognized
 as part of the gain or loss in noninterest income. LHFS that are
 on nonaccrual status and are reported as nonperforming, as
 defined in the policy herein, are reported separately from
 nonperforming loans and leases.
 Premises and Equipment 
 Premises and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated
 depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization
 are recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated
 useful lives of the assets. Estimated lives range up to 40 years
 for buildings, up to 12 years for furniture and equipment, and
 the shorter of lease term or estimated useful life for leasehold
 improvements.
 Other Assets 
 For the Corporation’s financial assets that are measured at
 amortized cost and are not included in debt securities or loans
 and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Corporation
 evaluates these assets for ECL using various techniques. For
 assets that are subject to collateral maintenance provisions,
 including federal funds sold and securities borrowed or
 purchased under agreements to resell, where the collateral
 consists of daily margining of liquid and marketable assets
 where the margining is expected to be maintained into the
 foreseeable future, the expected losses are assumed to be
 zero. For all other assets, the Corporation performs qualitative
 analyses,
 including consideration of
 historical losses and
 current economic conditions, to estimate any ECL which are
 then included in a valuation account that is recorded as a
 contra-asset against the amortized cost basis of the financial
 asset.
 Lessee Arrangements 
 Substantially all of the Corporation’s lessee arrangements are
 operating leases. Under these arrangements, the Corporation
 records right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at
 lease
 commencement.
 Right-of-use assets are reported in other
 assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related
 lease liabilities are reported in accrued expenses and other
 liabilities. All leases are recorded on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheet except leases with an initial term less than 12 months for
 which the Corporation made the short-term lease election.
 Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
142
 143
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 lease term and is recorded in occupancy and equipment 
 expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 The Corporation made an accounting policy election not to 
 separate lease and non-lease components of a contract that is 
 or contains a lease for its real estate and equipment leases. As 
 such, lease payments represent payments on both lease and 
 non-lease components. At lease commencement, lease 
 liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the 
 remaining 
 lease 
 payments 
 and 
 discounted 
 using 
 the 
 Corporation’s incremental borrowing rate. Right-of-use assets 
 initially equal the lease liability, adjusted for any lease payments 
 made prior to lease commencement and for any lease 
 incentives. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill is the purchase premium after adjusting for the fair
 value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is
 reviewed for potential impairment on an annual basis, or when
 events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment, at the
 reporting unit level. A reporting unit is a business segment or
 one level below a business segment.
 The Corporation assesses the fair value of each reporting 
 unit against its carrying value, including goodwill, as measured 
 by allocated equity. For purposes of goodwill impairment testing, 
 the Corporation utilizes allocated equity as a proxy for the 
 carrying value of its reporting units. Allocated equity in the 
 reporting units is comprised of allocated capital plus capital for 
 the portion of goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to 
 the reporting unit. 
 In 
 performing 
 its 
 goodwill 
 impairment 
 testing, 
 the 
 Corporation first assesses qualitative factors to determine 
 whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a 
 reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Qualitative factors 
 include, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, 
 industry and market considerations, financial performance of 
 the respective reporting unit and other relevant entity- and 
 reporting-unit specific considerations. 
 If the Corporation concludes it is more likely than not that
 the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a
 quantitative assessment is performed. The Corporation has an
 unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for
 any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to
 performing the quantitative goodwill impairment
 test.
 The
 Corporation may resume performing the qualitative assessment
 in any subsequent period.
 When performing the quantitative assessment, if the fair
 value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of
 the reporting unit would not be considered impaired. If the
 carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a
 goodwill impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by
 which the reporting unit’s allocated equity exceeds its fair value.
 An impairment loss recognized cannot exceed the amount of
 goodwill assigned to a reporting unit. An impairment loss
 establishes a new basis in the goodwill, and subsequent
 reversals of goodwill impairment losses are not permitted under
 applicable accounting guidance.
 For intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment
 loss is recognized if the carrying value of the intangible asset is
 not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying value of the
 intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the
 sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the
 use of the asset. Intangible assets deemed to have indefinite
 useful lives are not subject to amortization and are assessed
 for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the
 carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value.
 Variable Interest Entities 
 A VIE is an entity that lacks equity investors or whose equity
 investors do not have a controlling financial interest in the entity
 through their equity investments. The Corporation consolidates
 a VIE if it has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE
 that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance
 and an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive
 benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. On a
 quarterly basis, the Corporation reassesses its involvement with
 the VIE and evaluates the impact of changes in governing
 documents and its financial interests in the VIE.
 The
 consolidation status of the VIEs with which the Corporation is
 involved may change as a result of such reassessments.
 The Corporation primarily uses VIEs for its securitization
 activities, in which the Corporation transfers whole loans or debt
 securities into a trust or other vehicle. When the Corporation is
 the servicer of whole loans held in a securitization trust,
 including non-agency residential mortgages, home equity loans,
 credit cards, and other loans, the Corporation has the power to
 direct the most significant activities of the trust. The Corporation
 generally does not have the power to direct the most significant
 activities of a residential mortgage agency trust except in certain
 circumstances in which the Corporation holds substantially all of
 the issued securities and has the unilateral right to liquidate the
 trust. The power to direct the most significant activities of a
 commercial mortgage securitization trust is typically held by the
 special servicer or by the party holding specific subordinate
 securities which embody
 certain controlling rights.
 The
 Corporation consolidates a whole-loan securitization trust if it
 has the power to direct the most significant activities and also
 holds securities issued by the trust or has other contractual
 arrangements,
 other
 than standard representations and
 warranties, that could potentially be significant to the trust.
 The Corporation may also transfer trading account securities
 and AFS securities into municipal bond or resecuritization
 trusts. The Corporation consolidates a municipal bond or
 resecuritization trust if it has control over the ongoing activities
 of the trust such as the remarketing of the trust’s liabilities or, if
 there are no ongoing activities, sole discretion over the design
 of the trust, including the identification of securities to be
 transferred in and the structure of securities to be issued, and
 also retains securities or has liquidity or other commitments
 that could potentially be significant to the trust. The Corporation
 does not consolidate a municipal bond or resecuritization trust if
 one or
 a limited number
 of
 third-party
 investors share
 responsibility for the design of the trust or have control over the
 significant activities of the trust through liquidation or other
 substantive rights.
 Other VIEs used by the Corporation include collateralized
 debt obligations (CDOs), investment vehicles created on behalf
 of customers and other investment vehicles. The Corporation
 does not routinely serve as collateral manager for CDOs and,
 therefore, does not typically have the power to direct the
 activities 
 that
 most
 significantly
 impact
 the 
 economic
 performance of a CDO. However, following an event of default, if
 the Corporation is a majority holder of senior securities issued
 by a CDO and acquires the power to manage its assets, the
 Corporation consolidates the CDO.
 The 
 Corporation 
 consolidates 
 a 
 customer
 or
 other
 investment vehicle if it has control over the initial design of the
 vehicle or manages the assets in the vehicle and also absorbs
 potentially significant gains or losses through an investment in
 the vehicle, derivative contracts or other arrangements. The
 Corporation does not consolidate an investment vehicle if a
 single investor controlled the initial design of the vehicle or
 manages the assets in the vehicles or if the Corporation does
 not have a variable interest that could potentially be significant
 to the vehicle.
 Retained interests in securitized assets are initially recorded
 at fair value. In addition, the Corporation may invest in debt
 securities issued by unconsolidated VIEs. Fair values of these
 debt securities, which are classified as trading account assets,
 debt securities carried at fair value or HTM securities, are based
 primarily on quoted market prices in active or inactive markets.
 Generally, quoted market prices for retained residual interests
 are not available; therefore, the Corporation estimates fair
 values based on the present value of the associated expected
 future cash flows.
 Fair Value 
 The Corporation measures the fair values of its assets and
 liabilities, where applicable, in accordance with accounting
 guidance that requires an entity to base fair value on exit price.
 Under this guidance, an entity is required to maximize the use
 of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
 inputs in measuring fair value. Under applicable accounting
 standards, fair value measurements are categorized into one of
 three levels based on the inputs to the valuation technique with
 the highest priority given to unadjusted quoted prices in active
 markets and the lowest priority given to unobservable inputs.
 The Corporation categorizes its fair value measurements of
 financial instruments based on this three-level hierarchy.
 Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for 
 identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and 
 liabilities include debt and equity securities and 
 derivative contracts that are traded in an active 
 exchange market, as well as certain U.S. Treasury 
 securities that are highly liquid and are actively traded 
 in OTC markets. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as 
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted 
 prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs 
 that are observable or can be corroborated by 
 observable market data for substantially the full term 
 of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and 
 liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices 
 that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded 
 instruments and derivative contracts where fair value is 
 determined using a pricing model with inputs that are 
 observable in the market or can be derived principally 
 from or corroborated by observable market data. This 
 category generally includes U.S. government and 
 agency mortgage-backed (MBS) and asset-backed 
 securities (ABS), corporate debt securities, derivative 
 contracts, certain loans and LHFS. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no 
 market activity and that are significant to the overall 
 fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets 
 and liabilities include financial instruments for which 
 the determination of fair value requires significant 
 management judgment or estimation. The fair value for 
 such assets and liabilities is generally determined 
 using 
 pricing 
 models, 
 discounted 
 cash 
 flow 
 methodologies or similar techniques that incorporate 
 the assumptions a market participant would use in 
 pricing the asset or liability. This category generally 
 includes retained residual interests in securitizations, 
 consumer MSRs, certain ABS, highly structured, 
 complex or long-dated derivative contracts, certain 
 loans and LHFS, IRLCs and certain CDOs where 
 independent pricing information cannot be obtained for 
 a significant portion of the underlying assets. 
 Income Taxes 
 There are two components of income tax expense: current and
 deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid
 or refunded for the current period. Deferred income tax expense
 results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
 between periods. These gross deferred tax assets and liabilities
 represent decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid
 in the future because of
 future reversals of
 temporary
 differences in the bases of assets and liabilities as measured
 by tax laws and their bases as reported in the financial
 statements. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for tax
 attributes such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax
 credit carryforwards. Valuation allowances are recorded to
 reduce deferred tax
 assets to the amounts management
 concludes are more likely than not to be realized.
 Income tax benefits are recognized and measured based
 upon a two-step model: first, a tax position must be more likely
 than not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits in
 order to be recognized, and second, the benefit is measured as
 the largest dollar amount of that position that is more likely than
 not to be sustained upon settlement. The difference between
 the benefit recognized and the tax benefit claimed on a tax
 return is referred to as an unrecognized tax benefit. The
 Corporation records income tax-related interest and penalties, if
 applicable, within income tax expense.
 Revenue Recognition 
 The following summarizes the Corporation’s revenue recognition 
 accounting policies for certain noninterest income activities. 
 Card Income 
 Card income includes annual, late and over-limit fees as well as
 interchange, cash advances and other miscellaneous items
 from credit and debit card transactions and from processing
 card transactions for merchants. Card income is presented net
 of
 direct
 costs.
 Interchange fees are recognized upon
 settlement of the credit and debit card payment transactions
 and are generally determined on a percentage basis for credit
 cards and fixed rates for
 debit
 cards based on the
 corresponding payment network’s rates. Substantially all card
 fees are recognized at the transaction date, except for certain
 time-based fees such as annual fees, which are recognized over
 12 months. Fees charged to cardholders and merchants that
 are estimated to be uncollectible are reserved in the allowance
 for loan and lease losses. Included in direct cost are rewards

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
144
 145
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 and credit card partner payments. Rewards paid to cardholders
 are related to points earned by the cardholder that can be
 redeemed for a broad range of rewards including cash, travel
 and gift cards. The points to be redeemed are estimated based
 on past redemption behavior,
 card product
 type, account
 transaction activity and other historical card performance. The
 liability is reduced as the points are redeemed. The Corporation
 also makes payments to credit card partners. The payments are
 based on revenue-sharing agreements that are generally driven
 by cardholder transactions and partner sales volumes. As part
 of the revenue-sharing agreements, the credit card partner
 provides the Corporation exclusive rights to market to the credit
 card partner’s members or
 customers on behalf
 of
 the
 Corporation.
 Service Charges 
 Service charges include deposit and lending-related fees. 
 Deposit-related fees consist of fees earned on consumer and 
 commercial deposit activities and are generally recognized when 
 the transactions occur or as the service is performed. Consumer 
 fees are earned on consumer deposit accounts for account 
 maintenance and various transaction-based services, such as 
 ATM transactions, wire transfer activities, check and money 
 order processing and insufficient funds/overdraft transactions. 
 Commercial deposit-related fees are from the Corporation’s 
 Global Transaction Services business and consist of commercial 
 deposit and treasury management services, including account 
 maintenance and other services, such as payroll, sweep 
 account and other cash management services. Lending-related 
 fees generally represent transactional fees earned from certain 
 loan commitments, financial guarantees and SBLCs. 
 Investment and Brokerage Services 
 Investment
 and 
 brokerage 
 services 
 consist
 of
 asset
 management and brokerage fees. Asset management fees are
 earned from the management of client assets under advisory
 agreements or the full discretion of the Corporation’s financial
 advisors (collectively referred to as assets under management
 (AUM)). Asset management fees are earned as a percentage of
 the client’s AUM and generally range from 50 basis points (bps)
 to 150 bps of the AUM. In cases where a third party is used to
 obtain a client’s investment allocation, the fee remitted to the
 third party is recorded net and is not reflected in the transaction
 price, as the Corporation is an agent for those services.
 Brokerage fees include income earned from transaction
 based services that are performed as part of investment
 management services and are based on a fixed price per unit or
 as a percentage of the total transaction amount. Brokerage fees
 also include distribution fees and sales commissions that are
 primarily in the Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM)
 segment and are earned over time. In addition, primarily in the
 Global Markets segment, brokerage fees are earned when the
 Corporation fills customer orders to buy or sell various financial
 products or when it acknowledges, affirms, settles and clears
 transactions 
 and/or
 submits 
 trade 
 information 
 to 
 the
 appropriate clearing broker. Certain customers pay brokerage,
 clearing and/or exchange fees imposed by relevant regulatory
 bodies or exchanges in order to execute or clear trades. These
 fees are recorded net and are not reflected in the transaction
 price, as the Corporation is an agent for those services.
 Investment Banking Income 
 Investment banking income includes underwriting income and 
 financial advisory services income. Underwriting consists of fees 
 earned for the placement of a customer’s debt or equity 
 securities. The revenue is generally earned based on a 
 percentage of the fixed number of shares or principal placed. 
 Once the number of shares or notes is determined and the 
 service is completed, the underwriting fees are recognized. The 
 Corporation incurs certain out-of-pocket expenses, such as legal 
 costs, in performing these services. These expenses are 
 recovered through the revenue the Corporation earns from the 
 customer and are included in operating expenses. Syndication 
 fees represent fees earned as the agent or lead lender 
 responsible for structuring, arranging and administering a loan 
 syndication. 
 Financial advisory
 services consist
 of
 fees earned for
 assisting clients with transactions related to mergers and
 acquisitions and financial restructurings.
 Revenue varies
 depending on the size of the transaction and scope of services
 performed and is generally contingent on successful completion
 of the transaction. Revenue is typically recognized once the
 transaction is completed and all services have been rendered.
 Additionally, the Corporation may earn a fixed fee in merger and
 acquisition transactions to provide a fairness opinion, with the
 fees recognized when the opinion is delivered to the client.
 Other Revenue Measurement and Recognition Policies 
 The Corporation did not disclose the value of any open
 performance obligations at
 December
 31,
 2024,
 as its
 contracts with customers generally have a fixed term that is less
 than one year, an open term with a cancellation period that is
 less than one year, or provisions that allow the Corporation to
 recognize revenue at the amount it has the right to invoice.
 Earnings Per Common Share 
 Earnings per common share (EPS) is computed by dividing net 
 income allocated to common shareholders by the weighted 
 average common shares outstanding, excluding unvested 
 common shares subject to repurchase or cancellation. Net 
 income allocated to common shareholders is net income 
 adjusted for preferred stock dividends including dividends 
 declared, accretion of discounts on preferred stock including 
 accelerated accretion when preferred stock is repaid early, and 
 cumulative dividends related to the current dividend period that 
 have not been declared as of period end, less income allocated 
 to participating securities. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing 
 income allocated to common shareholders plus dividends on 
 dilutive convertible preferred stock and preferred stock that can 
 be tendered to exercise warrants, by the weighted-average 
 common shares outstanding plus amounts representing the 
 dilutive effect of stock options outstanding, restricted stock, 
 restricted stock units (RSUs), outstanding warrants and the 
 dilution resulting from the conversion of convertible preferred 
 stock, if applicable. 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Assets, liabilities and operations of foreign branches and
 subsidiaries are recorded based on the functional currency of
 each entity. When the functional currency of a foreign operation
 is the local currency, the assets, liabilities and operations are
 translated, for consolidation purposes, from the local currency
 to the U.S. dollar reporting currency at period-end rates for
 assets and liabilities and generally at average rates for results
 of operations. The resulting unrealized gains and losses are
 reported as a component of accumulated OCI, net-of-tax. When
 the foreign entity’s functional currency is the U.S. dollar, the
 resulting remeasurement gains or losses on foreign currency
 denominated assets or liabilities are included in earnings.
 NOTE 2 Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income 
 The table below presents the Corporation’s net interest income and noninterest income disaggregated by revenue source for 2024,
 2023 and 2022. For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. For a disaggregation of
 noninterest income by business segment and All Other, see Note 23 – Business Segment Information.
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Net interest income 
 Interest income 
 Loans and leases 
 $ 
 61,993 
$ 
 57,124 
 $ 
 37,919 
 Debt securities 
 26,007 
 20,226 
 17,127 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 19,911 
 18,679 
 4,560 
 Trading account assets 
 10,376 
 8,773 
 5,521 
 Other interest income (1) 
 28,320 
 25,460 
 7,438 
 Total interest income 
 146,607 
 130,262 
 72,565 
 Interest expense 
 Deposits 
 38,442 
 26,163 
 4,718 
 Short-term borrowings 
 34,538 
 30,553 
 6,978 
 Trading account liabilities 
 2,191 
 2,043 
 1,538 
 Long-term debt 
 15,376 
 14,572 
 6,869 
 Total interest expense 
 90,547 
 73,331 
 20,103 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 56,060 
$ 
 56,931 
 $ 
 52,462 
 Noninterest income 
 Fees and commissions 
 Card income 
 Interchange fees (2) 
 $ 
 4,013 
$ 
 3,983 
 $ 
 4,096 
 Other card income 
 2,271 
 2,071 
 1,987 
 Total card income 
 6,284 
 6,054 
 6,083 
 Service charges 
 Deposit-related fees 
 4,708 
 4,382 
 5,190 
 Lending-related fees 
 1,347 
 1,302 
 1,215 
 Total service charges 
 6,055 
 5,684 
 6,405 
 Investment and brokerage services 
 Asset management fees 
 13,875 
 12,002 
 12,152 
 Brokerage fees 
 3,891 
 3,561 
 3,749 
 Total investment and brokerage services 
 17,766 
 15,563 
 15,901 
 Investment banking fees 
 Underwriting income 
 3,275 
 2,235 
 1,970 
 Syndication fees 
 1,221 
 898 
 1,070 
 Financial advisory services 
 1,690 
 1,575 
 1,783 
 Total investment banking fees 
 6,186 
 4,708 
 4,823 
 Total fees and commissions 
 36,291 
 32,009 
 33,212 
 Market making and similar activities 
 12,967 
 12,732 
 12,075 
 Other income (loss) 
 (3,431) 
 (3,091) 
 (2,799) 
 Total noninterest income 
 $ 
 45,827 
$ 
 41,650 
 $ 
 42,488 
 (1) Includes interest income on interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other banks of $16.8 billion, $16.0 billion, and $2.6 billion for 2024, 2023, and 2022. 
 (2) Gross interchange fees and merchant income were $13.6 billion, $13.3 billion and $12.9 billion for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are presented net of $9.5 billion, $9.3 billion and 
 $8.8 billion of expenses for rewards and partner payments as well as certain other card costs for the same periods. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
146
 147
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NOTE 3 Derivatives 
 Derivative Balances 
 Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading 
 or to support risk management activities. Derivatives used in 
 risk management activities include derivatives that may or may 
 not be designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships. 
 Derivatives that are not designated in qualifying hedge 
 accounting relationships are referred to as other risk 
 management 
 derivatives. 
 For 
 more 
 information 
 on 
 the 
 Corporation’s derivatives and hedging activities, see Note 1 – 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. The following 
 tables 
 present 
 derivative 
 instruments 
 included 
 on 
 the 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet in derivative assets and liabilities 
 at December 31, 2024 and 2023. Balances are presented on a 
 gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty and cash 
 collateral netting. Total derivative assets and liabilities are 
 adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the 
 effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and 
 have been reduced by cash collateral received or paid. 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 Contract/ 
 Notional (1) 
 Gross Derivative Assets 
 Gross Derivative 
 itie
Liabil
 s 
 Trading and 
 Other Risk 
 Management 
 Derivatives 
 Qualifying 
 Accounting 
 Hedges 
 Total 
 Trading and 
 Other Risk 
 Management 
 Derivatives 
 Qualifying 
 Accounting 
 Hedges 
 Total 
 Interest rate contracts 
 Swaps 
 $ 
 20,962.1 
 $ 
 71.9 
 $ 
 7.6 
 $ 
 79.5 
 $ 
 61.1 
 $ 
 15.2 
 $ 
 76.3 
 Futures and forwards 
 3,383.0 
 4.5 
 —
 4.5 
 4.2 
 —
 4.2 
 Written options (2) 
 1,931.2 
 —
 —
 —
 29.0 
 —
 29.0 
 Purchased options (3) 
 1,789.1 
 29.2 
 —
 29.2 
 —
 —
 —
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 Swaps 
 2,204.0 
 46.8 
 0.1 
 46.9 
 47.4 
 —
 47.4 
 Spot, futures and forwards 
 4,273.5 
 55.4 
 2.1 
 57.5 
 52.4 
 0.4 
 52.8 
 Written options (2) 
 652.6 
 —
 —
 —
 10.7 
 —
 10.7 
 Purchased options (3) 
 578.3 
 10.5 
 —
 10.5 
 —
 —
 —
 Equity contracts 
 Swaps 
 520.4 
 12.8 
 —
 12.8 
 14.2 
 —
 14.2 
 Futures and forwards 
 129.0 
 2.3 
 —
 2.3 
 1.5 
 —
 1.5 
 Written options (2) 
 831.6 
 —
 —
 —
 55.1 
 —
 55.1 
 Purchased options (3) 
 770.1 
 50.1 
 —
 50.1 
 —
 —
 —
 Commodity contracts 
 Swaps 
 64.8 
 2.1 
 —
 2.1 
 3.6 
 —
 3.6 
 Futures and forwards 
 165.8 
 4.0 
 —
 4.0 
 2.3 
 0.8 
 3.1 
 Written options (2) 
 69.5 
 —
 —
 —
 2.7 
 —
 2.7 
 Purchased options (3) 
 75.2 
 2.9 
 —
 2.9 
 —
 —
 —
 Credit derivatives (4) 
 Purchased credit derivatives: 
 Credit default swaps 
 408.3 
 1.7 
 —
 1.7 
 2.6 
 —
 2.6 
 Total return swaps/options 
 98.0 
 1.0 
 —
 1.0 
 0.7 
 —
 0.7 
 Written credit derivatives: 
 Credit default swaps 
 388.2 
 2.0 
 —
 2.0 
 1.6 
 —
 1.6 
 Total return swaps/options 
 81.4 
 1.1 
 —
 1.1 
 0.2 
 —
 0.2 
 Gross derivative assets/liabilities 
 $ 
 298.3 
 $ 
 9.8 
 $ 
 308.1 
 $ 
 289.3 
 $ 
 16.4 
 $ 
 305.7 
 Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements 
 (237.1) 
 (237.1) 
 Less: Cash collateral received/paid 
 (30.1) 
 (29.2) 
 Total derivative assets/liabilities 
 $ 
 40.9 
 $ 
 39.4 
 (1) Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding. 
 (2) Includes certain out-of-the-money purchased options that have a liability amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract. 
 (3) Includes certain out-of-the-money written options that have an asset amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract. 
 (4) The net derivative asset (liability) and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were 
 $406 million and $361.2 billion at December 31, 2024. 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 December 31, 2023 
 Contract/ 
 Notional (1) 
 Gross Derivative Assets 
 Gross Derivative Liabilities 
 Trading and 
 Other Risk 
 Management 
 Derivatives 
 Qualifying 
 Accounting 
 Hedges 
 Total 
 Trading and 
 Other Risk 
 Management 
 Derivatives 
 Qualifying 
 Accounting 
 Hedges 
 Total 
 Interest rate contracts 
 Swaps 
 $ 15,715.2 
 $ 
 78.4 
 $ 
 7.9 
 $ 
 86.3 
 $ 
 66.6 
 $ 
 18.5 
 $ 
 85.1 
 Futures and forwards 
 2,803.8 
 5.1 
 —
 5.1 
 7.0 
 —
 7.0 
 Written options (2) 
 1,807.7 
 —
 —
 —
 31.7 
 —
 31.7 
 Purchased options (3) 
 1,714.9 
 32.9 
 —
 32.9 
 —
 —
 —
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 Swaps 
 1,814.7 
 41.1 
 0.2 
 41.3 
 38.2 
 0.5 
 38.7 
 Spot, futures and forwards 
 3,561.7 
 37.2 
 6.1 
 43.3 
 40.3 
 6.2 
 46.5 
 Written options (2) 
 462.8 
 —
 —
 —
 6.8 
 —
 6.8 
 Purchased options (3) 
 405.3 
 6.2 
 —
 6.2 
 —
 —
 —
 Equity contracts 
 Swaps 
 427.0 
 13.3 
 —
 13.3 
 16.7 
 —
 16.7 
 Futures and forwards 
 136.9 
 2.1 
 —
 2.1 
 1.6 
 —
 1.6 
 Written options (2) 
 854.9 
 —
 —
 —
 50.1 
 —
 50.1 
 Purchased options (3) 
 716.2 
 44.1 
 —
 44.1 
 —
 —
 —
 Commodity contracts 
 Swaps 
 59.0 
 3.1 
 —
 3.1 
 4.5 
 —
 4.5 
 Futures and forwards 
 187.8 
 3.8 
 —
 3.8 
 3.1 
 0.4 
 3.5 
 Written options (2) 
 67.1 
 —
 —
 —
 3.3 
 —
 3.3 
 Purchased options (3) 
 70.9 
 3.0 
 —
 3.0 
 —
 —
 —
 Credit derivatives (4) 
 Purchased credit derivatives: 
 Credit default swaps 
 312.8 
 1.7 
 —
 1.7 
 2.5 
 —
 2.5 
 Total return swaps/options 
 69.4 
 0.8 
 —
 0.8 
 1.3 
 —
 1.3 
 Written credit derivatives: 
 Credit default swaps 
 289.1 
 2.2 
 —
 2.2 
 1.6 
 —
 1.6 
 Total return swaps/options 
 68.6 
 1.1 
 —
 1.1 
 0.3 
 —
 0.3 
 Gross derivative assets/liabilities 
 $ 
 276.1 
 $ 
 14.2 
 $ 
 290.3 
 $ 
 275.6 
 $ 
 25.6 
 $ 
 301.2 
 Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements 
 (221.6) 
 (221.6) 
 Less: Cash collateral received/paid 
 (29.4) 
 (36.2) 
 Total derivative assets/liabilities 
 $ 
 39.3 
 $ 
 43.4 
 (1) Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding. 
 (2) Includes certain out-of-the-money purchased options that have a liability amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract. 
 (3) Includes certain out-of-the-money written options that have an asset amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract. 
 (4) The net derivative asset (liability) and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were 
 $520 million and $266.5 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 Offsetting of Derivatives 
 The Corporation enters into International Swaps and Derivatives 
 Association, Inc. (ISDA) master netting agreements or similar 
 agreements with substantially all of the Corporation’s derivative 
 counterparties. Where legally enforceable, these master netting 
 agreements give the Corporation, in the event of default by the 
 counterparty, the right to liquidate securities held as collateral 
 and to offset receivables and payables with the same 
 counterparty. For purposes of the Consolidated Balance Sheet, 
 the Corporation offsets derivative assets and liabilities and cash 
 collateral held with the same counterparty where it has such a 
 legally enforceable master netting agreement. 
 The following table presents derivative instruments included
 in derivative assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheet at December 31, 2024 and 2023 by primary risk (e.g.,
 interest rate risk) and the platform, where applicable, on which
 these derivatives are transacted. Balances are presented on a
 gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty and cash
 collateral netting. Total gross derivative assets and liabilities
 are adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration
 the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements,
 which include reducing the balance for counterparty netting and
 cash collateral received or paid.
 For more information on offsetting of securities financing 
 agreements, see Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, 
 Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
148
 149
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Offsetting of Derivatives (1) 
 (Dollars in billions) 
 Derivative 
 Assets 
 Derivative 
 Liabilities 
 Derivative 
 Assets 
 Derivative 
 Liabilities 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Interest rate contracts 
 Over-the-counter 
 $ 
 108.8 
 $ 
 103.9 
 $ 
 119.2 
 $ 
 117.7 
 Exchange-traded 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 Over-the-counter cleared 
 3.4 
 3.6 
 4.4 
 3.3 
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 Over-the-counter 
 112.7 
 109.1 
 89.7 
 90.4 
 Over-the-counter cleared 
 0.5 
 0.5 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 Equity contracts 
 Over-the-counter 
 24.6 
 31.1 
 24.7 
 32.2 
 Exchange-traded 
 39.8 
 38.5 
 34.4 
 33.9 
 Commodity contracts 
 Over-the-counter 
 6.2 
 7.0 
 6.6 
 8.4 
 Exchange-traded 
 2.0 
 1.6 
 2.3 
 2.1 
 Over-the-counter cleared 
 0.3 
 0.5 
 0.4 
 0.5 
 Credit derivatives 
 Over-the-counter 
 5.8 
 5.0 
 5.7 
 5.6 
 Total gross derivative assets/liabilities, before netting 
 Over-the-counter 
 258.1 
 256.1 
 245.9 
 254.3 
 Exchange-traded 
 41.9 
 40.2 
 36.9 
 36.2 
 Over-the-counter cleared 
 4.2 
 4.6 
 5.0 
 4.0 
 Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral received/paid 
 Over-the-counter 
 (224.2) 
 (223.5) 
 (212.1) 
 (218.9) 
 Exchange-traded 
 (39.0) 
 (39.0) 
 (35.4) 
 (35.4) 
 Over-the-counter cleared 
 (4.0) 
 (3.8) 
 (3.5) 
 (3.5) 
 Derivative assets/liabilities, after netting 
 37.0 
 34.6 
 36.8 
 36.7 
 Other gross derivative assets/liabilities (2) 
 3.9 
 4.8 
 2.5 
 6.7 
 Total derivative assets/liabilities 
 40.9 
 39.4 
 39.3 
 43.4 
 Less: Financial instruments collateral (3) 
 (18.1) 
 (14.2) 
 (15.5) 
 (13.0) 
 Total net derivative assets/liabilities 
 $ 
 22.8 
 $ 
 25.2 
 $ 
 23.8 
 $ 
 30.4 
 (1) Over-the-counter derivatives include bilateral transactions between the Corporation and a particular counterparty. Over-the-counter cleared derivatives include bilateral transactions between the 
 Corporation and a counterparty where the transaction is cleared through a clearinghouse. Exchange-traded derivatives include listed options transacted on an exchange. 
 (2) Consists of derivatives entered into under master netting agreements where the enforceability of these agreements is uncertain under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries. 
 (3) Amounts are limited to the derivative asset/liability balance and, accordingly, do not include excess collateral received/pledged. Financial instruments collateral includes securities collateral
 received or pledged and cash securities held and posted at third-party custodians that are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but shown as a reduction to derive net derivative assets
 and liabilities.
 ALM and Risk Management Derivatives 
 The Corporation’s ALM and risk management activities include 
 the use of derivatives to mitigate risk to the Corporation, 
 including derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting 
 relationships and derivatives used in other risk management 
 activities. Interest rate, foreign exchange, equity, commodity 
 and credit contracts are utilized in the Corporation's ALM and 
 risk management activities. 
 The Corporation maintains an overall interest rate risk 
 management strategy that incorporates the use of interest rate 
 contracts, which are generally non-leveraged generic interest 
 rate and basis swaps, options, futures and forwards, to 
 minimize significant fluctuations in earnings caused by interest 
 rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate 
 sensitivity and volatility so that movements in interest rates do 
 not significantly adversely affect earnings or capital. As a result 
 of interest rate fluctuations, hedged fixed-rate assets and 
 liabilities appreciate or depreciate in fair value. Gains or losses 
 on the derivative instruments that are linked to the hedged 
 fixed-rate assets and liabilities are expected to substantially 
 offset this unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 
 Market risk, including interest rate risk, can be substantial in
 the mortgage business. Market risk in the mortgage business is
 the risk that values of mortgage assets or revenues will be
 adversely affected by changes in market conditions such as
 interest rate movements. To mitigate the interest rate risk in
 mortgage banking production income, the Corporation utilizes
 forward 
 loan 
 sale 
 commitments 
 and 
 other
 derivative
 instruments, including purchased options and certain debt
 securities. The Corporation also utilizes derivatives such as
 interest rate options, interest rate swaps, forward settlement
 contracts and eurodollar futures to hedge certain market risks
 of MSRs.
 The Corporation uses foreign exchange contracts to manage 
 the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign 
 currency-denominated assets and liabilities, as well as the 
 Corporation’s investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. Exposure to 
 loss on these contracts will increase or decrease over their 
 respective lives as currency exchange and interest rates 
 fluctuate. 
 The Corporation purchases credit derivatives to manage 
 credit risk related to certain funded and unfunded credit 
 exposures. Credit derivatives include credit default swaps 
 (CDS), total return swaps and swaptions. These derivatives are 
 recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value with 
 changes in fair value recorded in other income. 
 Derivatives Designated as Accounting Hedges 
 The Corporation uses various types of interest rate and foreign
 exchange derivative contracts to protect against changes in the
 fair value of its assets and liabilities due to fluctuations in
 interest rates and foreign exchange rates (fair value hedges).
 The Corporation also uses these types of contracts to protect
 against changes in the cash flows of its assets and liabilities,
 and other forecasted transactions (cash flow hedges). The
 Corporation hedges its net investment in consolidated non-U.S.
 operations determined to have functional currencies other than
 the U.S. dollar using forward exchange contracts and cross
 currency
 basis swaps,
 and by
 issuing foreign currency
 denominated debt (net investment hedges).
 Fair Value Hedges 
 The table below summarizes information related to fair value 
 hedges for 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 Gains and Losses on Derivatives and Hedged Items Designated in Fair Value Hedges 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Derivative 
 Hedged Item 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Interest rate risk on long-term debt (1) 
 $ 
 (2,713) $ 
 3,594 
 $ 
 (26,654) $ 
 2,669 
 $ 
 (3,652) $ 
 26,825 
 Interest rate and foreign currency risk (2) 
 500 
 (17) 
 (120) 
 (486) 
 27 
 119 
 Interest rate risk on available-for-sale securities (3) 
 2,279 
 (3,518) 
 21,991 
 (2,322) 
 3,417 
 (22,280) 
 Price risk on commodity inventory (4) 
 (577) 
 2 
 674 
 577 
 (2) 
 (674) 
 Total 
 $ 
 (511) $ 
 61 
 $ 
 (4,109) $ 
 438 
 $ 
 (210) $ 
 3,990 
 (1) Amounts are recorded in interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (2) Represents cross-currency interest rate swaps related to available-for-sale debt securities and long-term debt. For 2024, 2023 and 2022, the derivative amount includes gains (losses) of $22
 million, $6 million and $0 in interest income, $0, $13 million and $(37) million in interest expense, $463 million, $(51) million and $(81) million in market making and similar activities, and $15
 million, $15 million and $(2) million in accumulated OCI, respectively. Line item totals are in the Consolidated Statement of Income and on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 (3) Amounts are recorded in interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (4) Amounts are recorded in market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 The table below summarizes the carrying value of hedged
 assets and liabilities that are designated in fair value hedging
 relationships, along with the cumulative amount of gains and
 losses on the hedged assets and liabilities that are included in
 their carrying value. There is no impact to earnings for the
 cumulative amount of these fair value hedging adjustments as
 long as the hedging relationships remain open through the
 hedged period. Instead, the open hedges have the effect of
 synthetically converting the hedged assets and liabilities into
 variable-rate instruments. If an open hedge is de-designated
 prior to the derivative’s maturity, any cumulative fair value
 adjustments at the de-designation date are then amortized or
 accreted into earnings over the remaining life of the hedged
 assets or liabilities.
 Designated Fair Value Hedged Assets and Liabilities 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Carrying Value 
 Cumulative 
 Fair Value 
 Adjustments (1) 
 Carrying Value 
 Cumulative 
 Fair Value 
 Adjustments (1) 
 Long-term debt 
 $ 
 188,202 
 $ 
 (7,263) $ 
 203,986 
 $ 
 (5,767) 
 Available-for-sale debt securities (2 , 3) 
 244,664 
 (4,764) 
 134,077 
 (1,793) 
 Trading account assets (4) 
 3,639 
 101 
 7,475 
 414 
 (1) Increase (decrease) to carrying value. 
 (2) These amounts include the amortized cost of the financial assets in closed portfolios used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is a stated layer that is expected to be
 remaining at the end of the hedging relationship (i.e. portfolio layer hedging relationship). At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the amortized cost of the closed portfolios used in these hedging
 relationships was $34.8 billion and $39.1 billion, of which $26.1 billion and $22.5 billion were designated in a portfolio layer hedging relationship. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the
 cumulative adjustment associated with these hedging relationships was a decrease of $435 million and an increase of $48 million.
 (3) Carrying value represents amortized cost. 
 (4) Represents hedging activities related to certain commodities inventory. 
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair value adjustments
 from de-designated long-term debt hedges decreased the long
 term debt carrying value by $11.2 billion and $10.5 billion. The
 fair value adjustments from de-designated AFS debt securities
 hedges decreased the AFS debt securities carrying value by
 $4.4 billion and $5.6 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 The fair value adjustments are being amortized or accreted into
 interest over the contractual lives of the assets or liabilities.
 Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges 
 The following table summarizes certain information related to
 cash flow hedges and net investment hedges for 2024, 2023
 and 2022. Of the $5.6 billion after-tax net loss ($7.5 billion
 pretax) on derivatives in accumulated OCI at December 31,
 2024, losses of $2.5 billion after-tax ($3.4 billion pretax)
 related to both open and closed cash flow hedges are expected
 to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. These
 net losses reclassified into earnings are expected to primarily
 decrease net interest income related to the respective hedged
 items. For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time
 over which forecasted transactions are hedged is approximately
 five years. For terminated cash flow hedges, the time period
 over which the forecasted transactions will be recognized in
 interest income is approximately four years, with the aggregated
 amount beyond this time period being insignificant.
 On November 15, 2023, Bloomberg Index Services Limited
 announced the permanent cessation of the Bloomberg Short
 Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) and all its tenors effective after
 final publication on November 15, 2024. The Corporation
 determined that
 certain forecasted BSBY-indexed interest
 payments, which had been designated in cash flow hedges,
 were no longer expected to occur beyond November 15, 2024
 as they would transition to a new reference rate. Accordingly,
 during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Corporation reclassified
 $2.0 billion of pretax loss from accumulated OCI into market
 making and similar activities for the amount related to these
 forecasted transactions.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
150
 151
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 Gains and Losses on Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges 
 Gains (Losses) Recognized in 
 Accumulated OCI on Derivatives 
 s
Gain (Losses) in Income 
 Reclassified from Accumulated OCI 
 (Dollars in millions, amounts pretax) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Cash flow hedges 
 Interest rate risk on variable-rate portfolios (1) 
 $ 
 389 
 $ 
 1,995 
 $ 
 (13,492) $ 
 (2,826) $ 
 (3,176) $ 
 (338) 
 Price risk on forecasted MBS purchases (1) 
 —
 6 
 (129) 
 (9) 
 (2) 
 11 
 Price risk on certain compensation plans (2) 
 29 
 48 
 (88) 
 35 
 25 
 29 
 Total 
 $ 
 418 
 $ 
 2,049 
 $ 
 (13,709) $ 
 (2,800) $ 
 (3,153) $ 
 (298) 
 Net investment hedges 
 Foreign exchange risk (3) 
 $ 
 2,624 
 $ 
 (808) $ 
 1,710 
 $ 
 (146) $ 
 143 
 $ 
 3 
 (1) Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in interest income and market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (2) Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in compensation and benefits expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (3) Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing and recognized in market making
 and similar activities were gains (losses) of $252 million, $195 million and $(38) million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
 Other Risk Management Derivatives 
 Other risk management derivatives are used by the Corporation 
 to reduce certain risk exposures by economically hedging 
 various assets and liabilities. The table below presents gains 
 (losses) on these derivatives for 2024, 2023 and 2022. These 
 gains (losses) are largely offset by the income or expense 
 recorded on the hedged item. 
 Gains and Losses on Other Risk Management Derivatives 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Interest rate risk on mortgage activities (1 , 2) 
 $ 
 (49) $ 
 16 
 $ 
 (326) 
 Credit risk on loans (2) 
 (52) 
 (70) 
 (37) 
 Interest rate and foreign currency risk on 
 asset and liability management activities (3) 
 952 
 777 
 4,713 
 Price risk on certain compensation plans (4) 
 427 
 584 
 (1,073) 
 (1) Includes hedges of interest rate risk on MSRs and IRLCs to originate mortgage loans that will 
 be held for sale. 
 (2) Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in other income. 
 (3) Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in market making and similar activities. For
 2023, includes $447 million of positive fair value adjustments related to the interest rate
 swaps that occurred after de-designation of BSBY hedges and prior to re-designation of the
 interest rate swaps into new hedges.
 (4) Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in compensation and benefits expense. 
 Transfers of Financial Assets with Risk Retained 
 through Derivatives 
 The Corporation enters into certain transactions involving the 
 transfer of financial assets that are accounted for as sales 
 where substantially all of the economic exposure to the 
 transferred financial assets is retained through derivatives (e.g., 
 interest rate and/or credit), but the Corporation does not retain 
 control over the assets transferred. At December 31, 2024 and 
 2023, the Corporation had transferred $3.9 billion and $4.1 
 billion of non-U.S. government-guaranteed mortgage-backed 
 securities to a third-party trust and retained economic exposure 
 to the transferred assets through derivative contracts. In 
 connection with these transfers, the Corporation received gross 
 cash proceeds of $3.9 billion and $4.2 billion at the transfer 
 dates. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair value of the 
 transferred securities was $3.6 billion and $4.1 billion. 
 Sales and Trading Revenue 
 The Corporation enters into trading derivatives to facilitate client 
 transactions and to manage risk exposures arising from trading 
 account assets and liabilities. It is the Corporation’s policy to 
 include these derivative instruments in its trading activities, 
 which include derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments. 
 The resulting risk from these derivatives is managed on a 
 portfolio basis as part of the Corporation’s Global Markets 
 business segment. The related sales and trading revenue 
 generated within Global Markets is recorded in various income 
 statement line items, including market making and similar 
 activities and net interest income as well as other revenue 
 categories. 
 Sales and trading revenue includes changes in the fair value
 and realized gains and losses on the sales of trading and other
 assets,
 net
 interest
 income,
 and fees primarily
 from
 commissions on equity securities. Revenue is generated by the
 difference in the client price for an instrument and the price at
 which the trading desk can execute the trade in the dealer
 market. For equity securities, commissions related to purchases
 and sales are recorded in the “Other” column in the Sales and
 Trading Revenue table. Changes in the fair value of these
 securities are included in market making and similar activities.
 For debt securities, revenue, with the exception of interest
 associated with the debt securities, is typically included in
 market making and similar activities. Unlike commissions for
 equity securities, the initial revenue related to broker-dealer
 services for debt securities is typically included in the pricing of
 the instrument rather than being charged through separate fee
 arrangements. Therefore, this revenue is recorded in market
 making and similar activities as part of the initial mark to fair
 value. For derivatives, the majority of revenue is included in
 market making and similar activities. In transactions where the
 Corporation acts as agent,
 which include exchange-traded
 futures and options, fees are recorded in other income.
 The following table, which includes both derivatives and non 
 derivative cash instruments, identifies the amounts in the 
 respective income statement line items attributable to the 
 Corporation’s sales and trading revenue in Global Markets, 
 categorized by primary risk, for 2024, 2023 and 2022. This 
 table includes debit valuation adjustment (DVA) and funding 
 valuation adjustment (FVA) gains (losses). Global Markets 
 results in Note 23 – Business Segment Information are 
 presented on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis. The following 
 table is not presented on an FTE basis. 
 Sales and Trading Revenue 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Market 
 making 
 and similar 
 activities 
 Net 
 Interest 
 Income 
 Other (1) 
 Total 
 2024 
 Interest rate risk 
 $ 
 2,245 
 $ 
 1,378 
 $ 
 420 
 $ 
 4,043 
 Foreign exchange risk 
 1,866 
 120 
 98 
 2,084 
 Equity risk 
 7,065 
 (1,485) 
 1,861 
 7,441 
 Credit risk 
 1,206 
 2,465 
 596 
 4,267 
 Other risk (2) 
 394 
 94 
 (406) 
 82 
 Total sales and trading 
 revenue 
 $ 
12,776 
 $ 
 2,572 
 $ 
 2,569 
 $ 
17,917 
 2023 
 Interest rate risk 
 $ 
 3,192 
 $ 
 366 
 $ 
 402 
 $ 
 3,960 
 Foreign exchange risk 
 1,800 
 149 
 87 
 2,036 
 Equity risk 
 6,628 
 (1,955) 
 1,774 
 6,447 
 Credit risk 
 1,205 
 2,462 
 340 
 4,007 
 Other risk (2) 
 602 
 (155) 
 (67) 
 380 
 Total sales and trading 
 revenue 
 $ 13,427 
 $ 
 867 
 $ 
 2,536 
 $ 16,830 
 2022 
 Interest rate risk 
 $ 
 1,919 
 $ 
 1,619 
 $ 
 392 
 $ 
 3,930 
 Foreign exchange risk 
 1,981 
 46 
 (44) 
 1,983 
 Equity risk 
 6,077 
 (1,288) 
 1,757 
 6,546 
 Credit risk 
 592 
 2,228 
 177 
 2,997 
 Other risk (2) 
 835 
 (171) 
 15 
 679 
 Total sales and trading 
 revenue 
 $ 11,404 
 $ 
 2,434 
 $ 
 2,297 
 $ 16,135 
 (1) Represents amounts in investment and brokerage services and other income that are
 recorded in Global Markets and included in the definition of sales and trading revenue.
 Includes investment and brokerage services revenue of $2.1 billion, $2.0 billion and $2.0
 billion in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
 (2) Includes commodity risk. 
 Credit Derivatives 
 The Corporation enters into credit derivatives primarily to 
 facilitate client transactions and to manage credit risk 
 exposures. Credit derivatives derive value based on an 
 underlying third-party referenced obligation or a portfolio of 
 referenced obligations and generally require the Corporation, as 
 the seller of credit protection, to make payments to a buyer 
 upon the occurrence of a predefined credit event. Such credit 
 events generally include bankruptcy of the referenced credit 
 entity and failure to pay under the obligation, as well as 
 acceleration of indebtedness and payment repudiation or 
 moratorium. For credit derivatives based on a portfolio of 
 referenced credits or credit indices, the Corporation may not be 
 required to make payment until a specified amount of loss has 
 occurred and/or may only be required to make payment up to a 
 specified amount. 
 Credit derivatives are classified as investment and non 
 investment grade based on the credit quality of the underlying 
 referenced obligation. The Corporation considers ratings of BBB 
 or higher as investment grade. Non-investment grade includes 
 non-rated credit derivative instruments. The Corporation 
 discloses internal categorizations of investment grade and non 
 investment grade consistent with how risk is managed for these 
 instruments. 
 Credit derivative instruments where the Corporation is the 
 seller of credit protection and their expiration at December 31, 
 2024 and 2023 are summarized in the following table. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
152
 153
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Credit Derivative Instruments 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Less than 
 One Year 
 One to 
 Three Years 
 Three to 
 Five Years 
 Over Five 
 Years 
 Total 
 December 31, 2024 
 Carrying Value 
 Credit default swaps: 
 Investment grade 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 3 
 $ 
 24 
 $ 
 16 
 $ 
 43 
 Non-investment grade 
 33 
 304 
 752 
 441 
 1,530 
 Total 
 33 
 307 
 776 
 457 
 1,573 
 Total return swaps/options: 
 Investment grade 
 93 
 —
 —
 —
 93 
 Non-investment grade 
 145 
 —
 —
 —
 145 
 Total 
 238 
 —
 —
 —
 238 
 Total credit derivatives 
 $ 
 271 
 $ 
 307 
 $ 
 776 
 $ 
 457 
 $ 
 1,811 
 Credit-related notes: 
 Investment grade 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 9 
 $ 
 715 
 $ 
 724 
 Non-investment grade 
 5 
 5 
 37 
 1,119 
 1,166 
 Total credit-related notes 
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
 46 
 $ 
 1,834 
 $ 
 1,890 
 Maximum Payout/Notional 
 Credit default swaps: 
 Investment grade 
 $ 
 35,634 
 $ 
 87,302 
 $ 
 150,225 
 $ 
 21,482 
 $ 
 294,643 
 Non-investment grade 
 15,070 
 30,255 
 43,969 
 4,233 
 93,527 
 Total 
 50,704 
 117,557 
 194,194 
 25,715 
 388,170 
 Total return swaps/options: 
 Investment grade 
 54,041 
 1,288 
 1,185 
 238 
 56,752 
 Non-investment grade 
 22,762 
 1,452 
 292 
 98 
 24,604 
 Total 
 76,803 
 2,740 
 1,477 
 336 
 81,356 
 Total credit derivatives 
 $ 
 127,507 
 $ 
 120,297 
 $ 
 195,671 
 $ 
 26,051 
 $ 
 469,526 
 December 31, 2023 
 Carrying Value 
 Credit default swaps: 
 Investment grade 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 11 
 $ 
 26 
 $ 
 20 
 $ 
 57 
 Non-investment grade 
 38 
 277 
 601 
 595 
 1,511 
 Total 
 38 
 288 
 627 
 615 
 1,568 
 Total return swaps/options: 
 Investment grade 
 59 
 —
 —
 —
 59 
 Non-investment grade 
 149 
 69 
 56 
 5 
 279 
 Total 
 208 
 69 
 56 
 5 
 338 
 Total credit derivatives 
 $ 
 246 
 $ 
 357 
 $ 
 683 
 $ 
 620 
 $ 
 1,906 
 Credit-related notes: 
 Investment grade 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 859 
 $ 
 859 
 Non-investment grade 
 —
 5 
 16 
 1,103 
 1,124 
 Total credit-related notes 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
 16 
 $ 
 1,962 
 $ 
 1,983 
 Maximum Payout/Notional 
 Credit default swaps: 
 Investment grade 
 $ 
 33,750 
 $ 
 65,015 
 $ 
 83,313 
 $ 
 17,023 
 $ 
 199,101 
 Non-investment grade 
 18,061 
 32,155 
 33,934 
 5,827 
 89,977 
 Total 
 51,811 
 97,170 
 117,247 
 22,850 
 289,078 
 Total return swaps/options: 
 Investment grade 
 40,515 
 1,503 
 1,561 
 23 
 43,602 
 Non-investment grade 
 20,694 
 1,414 
 1,907 
 988 
 25,003 
 Total 
 61,209 
 2,917 
 3,468 
 1,011 
 68,605 
 Total credit derivatives 
 $ 
 113,020 
 $ 
 100,087 
 $ 
 120,715 
 $ 
 23,861 
 $ 
 357,683 
 The notional amount represents the maximum amount 
 payable by the Corporation for most credit derivatives. However, 
 the Corporation does not monitor its exposure to credit 
 derivatives based solely on the notional amount because this 
 measure does not take into consideration the probability of 
 occurrence. As such, the notional amount is not a reliable 
 indicator of the Corporation’s exposure to these contracts. 
 Instead, a risk framework is used to define risk tolerances and 
 establish limits so that certain credit risk-related losses occur 
 within acceptable, predefined limits. 
 Credit-related notes in the table above include investments 
 in securities issued by CDO, collateralized loan obligation (CLO) 
 and credit-linked note vehicles. These instruments are primarily 
 classified as trading securities. The carrying value of these 
 instruments equals the Corporation’s maximum exposure to 
 loss. The Corporation is not obligated to make any payments to 
 the entities under the terms of the securities owned. 
 Credit-related Contingent Features and Collateral 
 The Corporation executes the majority of its derivative contracts
 in the OTC market with large, international financial institutions,
 including broker-dealers and, to a lesser degree, with a variety
 of
 nonfinancial companies.
 A significant
 majority
 of
 the
 derivative transactions are executed on a daily margin basis.
 Therefore, events such as a credit rating downgrade (depending
 on the ultimate rating level) or a breach of credit covenants
 would typically require an increase in the amount of collateral
 required of the counterparty, where applicable, and/or allow the 
 Corporation to take additional protective measures such as 
 early termination of all trades. Further, as previously discussed 
 on page 158, the Corporation enters into legally enforceable 
 master netting agreements that reduce risk by permitting 
 closeout and netting of transactions with the same counterparty 
 upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 Certain of the Corporation’s derivative contracts contain 
 credit risk-related contingent features, primarily in the form of 
 ISDA 
 master 
 netting 
 agreements 
 and 
 credit 
 support 
 documentation that enhance the creditworthiness of these 
 instruments compared to other obligations of the respective 
 counterparty with whom the Corporation has transacted. These 
 contingent features may be for the benefit of the Corporation as 
 well as its counterparties with respect to changes in the 
 Corporation’s creditworthiness and the mark-to-market exposure 
 under the derivative transactions. At December 31, 2024 and 
 2023, the Corporation held cash and securities collateral of 
 $105.9 billion and $104.1 billion and posted cash and 
 securities collateral of $83.1 billion and $93.4 billion in the 
 normal course of business under derivative agreements, 
 excluding cross-product margining agreements where clients are 
 permitted to margin on a net basis for both derivative and 
 secured financing arrangements. 
 In connection with certain OTC derivative contracts and other
 trading agreements, the Corporation can be required to provide
 additional collateral or to terminate transactions with certain
 counterparties in the event of a downgrade of the senior debt
 ratings of the Corporation or certain subsidiaries. The amount of
 additional collateral required depends on the contract and is
 usually a fixed incremental amount and/or the market value of
 the exposure.
 At December 31, 2024, the amount of collateral, calculated
 based on the terms of the contracts, that the Corporation and
 certain subsidiaries could be required to post to counterparties
 but had not yet posted to counterparties was $2.7 billion,
 including $1.4 billion for Bank of America, National Association
 (BANA).
 Some counterparties are currently able to unilaterally 
 terminate certain contracts, or the Corporation or certain 
 subsidiaries may be required to take other action such as find a 
 suitable replacement or obtain a guarantee. At December 31, 
 2024 and 2023, the liability recorded for these derivative 
 contracts was not significant. 
 The following table presents the amount of additional 
 collateral that would have been contractually required by 
 derivative 
 contracts 
 and 
 other 
 trading 
 agreements 
 at 
 December 31, 2024 if the rating agencies had downgraded their 
 long-term senior debt ratings for the Corporation or certain 
 subsidiaries by one incremental notch and by an additional 
 second incremental notch. The table also presents derivative 
 liabilities that would be subject to unilateral termination by 
 counterparties upon downgrade of the Corporation's or certain 
 subsidiaries’ long-term senior debt ratings. 
 Additional Collateral Required to be Posted and Derivative 
 Liabilities Subject to Unilateral Termination Upon Downgrade 
 at December 31, 2024 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 One 
 Incremental 
 Notch 
 Second 
 Incremental 
 Notch 
 Additional collateral required to be posted 
 upon downgrade 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 $ 
 134 
 $ 
 922 
 Bank of America, N.A. and subsidiaries (1) 
 59 
 782 
 Derivative liabilities subject to unilateral 
 termination upon downgrade 
 Derivative liabilities 
 $ 
 31 
 $ 
 349 
 Collateral posted 
 28 
 290 
 (1) Included in Bank of America Corporation collateral requirements in this table. 
 Valuation Adjustments on Derivatives 
 The Corporation records credit risk valuation adjustments on 
 derivatives in order to properly reflect the credit quality of the 
 counterparties and its own credit quality. The Corporation 
 calculates valuation adjustments on derivatives based on a 
 modeled expected exposure that incorporates current market 
 risk factors. The exposure also takes into consideration credit 
 mitigants such as enforceable master netting agreements and 
 collateral. CDS spread data is used to estimate the default 
 probabilities and severities that are applied to the exposures. 
 Where no observable credit default data is available for 
 counterparties, the Corporation uses proxies and other market 
 data to estimate default probabilities and severity. 
 The table below presents credit valuation adjustment (CVA),
 DVA and FVA gains (losses) on derivatives (excluding the effect
 of any related hedge activities), which are recorded in market
 making and similar activities, for 2024, 2023 and 2022. CVA
 gains reduce the cumulative CVA thereby
 increasing the
 derivative assets balance. DVA gains increase the cumulative
 DVA thereby decreasing the derivative liabilities balance. CVA
 and DVA losses have the opposite impact. FVA gains related to
 derivative assets reduce the cumulative FVA thereby increasing
 the derivative assets balance. FVA gains related to derivative
 liabilities increase the cumulative FVA thereby decreasing the
 derivative liabilities balance. FVA losses have the opposite
 impact.
 Valuation Adjustments Gains (Losses) on Derivatives (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Derivative assets (CVA) 
 $ 
 31 
 $ 
 159 
 $ 
 (80) 
 Derivative assets/liabilities (FVA) 
 21 
 (33) 
 125 
 Derivative liabilities (DVA) 
 (27) 
 (207) 
 194 
 (1) At December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, cumulative CVA reduced the derivative assets
 balance by $328 million, $359 million and $518 million, cumulative FVA reduced the net
 derivative balance by $66 million, $87 million and $54 million and cumulative DVA reduced
 the derivative liabilities balance by $272 million, $299 million and $506 million respectively.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
154
 155
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NOTE 4 Securities 
 The table below presents the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of AFS debt securities, other debt
 securities carried at fair value and HTM debt securities at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Debt Securities 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair 
 Value 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Available-for-sale debt securities 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 Agency 
 $ 
32,781 
 $ 
 35 
 $ 
 (1,614) $ 
31,202 
 $ 39,195 
 $ 
 37 
 $ 
 (1,420) $ 37,812 
 Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 
 19,519 
 17 
 (218) 
 19,318 
 2,739 
 6 
 (201) 
 2,544 
 Commercial 
 26,032 
 73 
 (503) 
 25,602 
 10,909 
 40 
 (514) 
 10,435 
 Non-agency residential (1) 
 287 
 50 
 (52) 
 285 
 449 
 3 
 (70) 
 382 
 Total mortgage-backed securities 
 78,619 
 175 
 (2,387) 
 76,407 
 53,292 
 86 
 (2,205) 
 51,173 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 235,582 
 150 
 (1,153) 
 234,579 
 179,108 
 19 
 (1,461) 
 177,666 
 Non-U.S. securities 
 22,453 
 20 
 (42) 
 22,431 
 22,868 
 27 
 (20) 
 22,875 
 Other taxable securities 
 4,646 
 2 
 (45) 
 4,603 
 4,910 
 1 
 (76) 
 4,835 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 8,628 
 17 
 (233) 
 8,412 
 10,304 
 17 
 (221) 
 10,100 
 Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 349,928 
 364 
 (3,860) 
 346,432 
 270,482 
 150 
 (3,983) 
 266,649 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value (2) 
 12,352 
 59 
 (236) 
 12,175 
 10,202 
 56 
 (55) 
 10,203 
 Total debt securities carried at fair value 
 362,280 
 423 
 (4,096) 
 358,607 
 280,684 
 206 
 (4,038) 
 276,852 
 Held-to-maturity debt securities 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 430,135 
 —
 (88,458) 
 341,677 
 465,456 
 —
 (78,930) 
 386,526 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 121,696 
 —
 (18,661) 
 103,035 
 121,645 
 —
 (17,963) 
 103,682 
 Other taxable securities 
 6,882 
 1 
 (1,047) 
 5,836 
 7,490 
 —
 (1,101) 
 6,389 
 Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 558,713 
 1 
 (108,166) 
 450,548 
 594,591 
 —
 (97,994) 
 496,597 
 Total debt securities (3 ,4) 
 $ 920,993 
 $ 
 424 
 $ (112,262) $ 809,155 
 $ 875,275 
 $ 
 206 
 $ (102,032) $ 773,449 
 (1) At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the underlying collateral type included approximately 25 percent and 17 percent prime and 75 percent and 83 percent subprime. 
 (2) Primarily includes non-U.S. securities used to satisfy certain international regulatory requirements. Any changes in value are reported in market making and similar activities. For detail on the
 components, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.
 (3) Includes securities pledged as collateral of $184.6 billion and $204.9 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (4) The Corporation held debt securities from FNMA and FHLMC that each exceeded 10 percent of shareholders’ equity, with an amortized cost of $260.9 billion and $169.0 billion, and a fair value of 
 $209.6 billion and $136.5 billion at December 31, 2024, and an amortized cost of $272.5 billion and $171.5 billion, and a fair value of $226.4 billion and $142.3 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 At December 31, 2024, the accumulated net unrealized loss
 on AFS debt securities, excluding the amount related to debt
 securities previously transferred to held to maturity, included in
 accumulated OCI was $2.6 billion, net of the related income tax
 benefit of $872 million. At December 31, 2024 and 2023,
 nonperforming AFS debt securities held by the Corporation were
 not significant.
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, $871.1 billion and
 $824.9 billion of AFS and HTM debt securities, which were
 predominantly U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities, have a
 zero credit loss assumption. For the same periods, the ECL on
 the remaining $37.5 billion and $40.2 billion of AFS and HTM
 debt securities were insignificant. For more information on the
 zero credit
 loss assumption,
 see Note 1 – Summary of
 Significant Accounting Principles.
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation held
 equity securities at an aggregate fair value of $247 million and
 $251 million and other equity securities, as valued under the
 measurement alternative, at a carrying value of $438 million
 and $377 million, both of which are included in other assets. At
 December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation also held
 money market investments at a fair value of $1.3 billion and
 $1.2 billion, which are included in time deposits placed and
 other short-term investments.
 The gross realized gains and losses on sales of AFS debt 
 securities for 2024, 2023 and 2022 are presented in the table 
 below. 
 Gains and Losses on Sales of AFS Debt Securities 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Gross gains 
 $ 
 20 
 $ 
 109 
 $ 1,251 
 Gross losses 
 (49) 
 (514) 
 (1,219) 
 Net gains (losses) on sales of AFS debt 
 securities 
 $ 
 (29) $ 
 (405) $ 
 32 
 Income tax expense (benefit) attributable to 
 realized net gains (losses) on sales of AFS 
 debt securities 
 $ 
 (7) $ 
 (101) $ 
 8 
 The table below presents the fair value and the associated gross unrealized losses on AFS debt securities and whether these
 securities have had gross unrealized losses for less than 12 months or for 12 months or longer at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Total AFS Debt Securities in a Continuous Unrealized Loss Position 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Less than Twelve Months 
 Twelve Months or Longer 
 Total 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 December 31, 2024 
 Continuously unrealized loss-positioned AFS debt securities 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 Agency 
 $ 
 2,908 
 $ 
 (22) $ 
 20,085 
 $ 
 (1,592) $ 
 22,993 
 $ 
 (1,614) 
 Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 
 9,597 
 (21) 
 1,493 
 (197) 
 11,090 
 (218) 
 Commercial 
 11,486 
 (57) 
 4,667 
 (446) 
 16,153 
 (503) 
 Non-agency residential 
 —
 —
 160 
 (52) 
 160 
 (52) 
 Total mortgage-backed securities 
 23,991 
 (100) 
 26,405 
 (2,287) 
 50,396 
 (2,387) 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 75,753 
 (135) 
 69,027 
 (1,018) 
 144,780 
 (1,153) 
 Non-U.S. securities 
 3,367 
 (26) 
 4,906 
 (16) 
 8,273 
 (42) 
 Other taxable securities 
 3,192 
 (5) 
 814 
 (40) 
 4,006 
 (45) 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 1,025 
 (20) 
 2,194 
 (213) 
 3,219 
 (233) 
 Total AFS debt securities in a continuous 
 unrealized loss position 
 $ 
 107,328 
 $ 
 (286) $ 
 103,346 
 $ 
 (3,574) $ 
 210,674 
 $ 
 (3,860) 
 December 31, 2023 
 Continuously unrealized loss-positioned AFS debt securities 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 Agency 
 $ 
 8,624 
 $ 
 (21) $ 
 20,776 
 $ 
 (1,399) $ 
 29,400 
 $ 
 (1,420) 
 Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 
 —
 —
 1,701 
 (201) 
 1,701 
 (201) 
 Commercial 
 2,363 
 (27) 
 4,588 
 (487) 
 6,951 
 (514) 
 Non-agency residential 
 —
 —
 370 
 (70) 
 370 
 (70) 
 Total mortgage-backed securities 
 10,987 
 (48) 
 27,435 
 (2,157) 
 38,422 
 (2,205) 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 14,907 
 (12) 
 69,669 
 (1,449) 
 84,576 
 (1,461) 
 Non-U.S. securities 
 7,702 
 (8) 
 1,524 
 (12) 
 9,226 
 (20) 
 Other taxable securities 
 3,269 
 (19) 
 1,437 
 (57) 
 4,706 
 (76) 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 466 
 (5) 
 2,106 
 (216) 
 2,572 
 (221) 
 Total AFS debt securities in a continuous 
 unrealized loss position 
 $ 
 37,331 
 $ 
 (92) $ 102,171 
 $ 
 (3,891) $ 139,502 
 $ 
 (3,983) 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
156
 157
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The remaining contractual maturity distribution and yields of the Corporation’s debt securities carried at fair value and HTM debt
 securities at December 31, 2024 are summarized in the table below. Actual duration and yields may differ as prepayments on the
 loans underlying the MBS or other ABS are passed through to the Corporation.
 Maturities of Debt Securities Carried at Fair Value and Held-to-maturity Debt Securities 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Due in One 
 Year or Less 
 Due after One Year 
 through Five Years 
 Due after Five Years 
 through Ten Years 
 Due after 
 Ten Years 
 Total 
 Amount 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount 
 Yield (1) 
 Amount 
 Yield (1) 
 Amortized cost of debt securities carried at fair value 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 Agency 
 $ 
 —
 — %
 $ 
 6 
 2.83 % 
$ 
 5 
 4.00 % 
$ 32,770 
 4.56 % 
$ 32,781 
 4.56 % 
 Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1 
 1.00 
 19,518 
 5.90 
 19,519 
 5.90 
 Commercial 
 142 
 3.80 
 9,630 
 4.20 
 13,722 
 4.26 
 2,551 
 2.77 
 26,045 
 4.09 
 Non-agency residential 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 552 
 11.48 
 552 
 11.48 
 Total mortgage-backed securities 
 142 
 3.80 
 9,636 
 4.20 
 13,728 
 4.26 
 55,391 
 5.02 
 78,897 
 4.79 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 24,484 
 4.58 
 202,038 
 3.82 
 12,910 
 2.78 
 34 
 3.99 
 239,466 
 3.85 
 Non-U.S. securities 
 19,865 
 3.20 
 4,391 
 2.25 
 3,861 
 4.56 
 2,526 
 3.77 
 30,643 
 3.29 
 Other taxable securities 
 947 
 5.67 
 3,160 
 5.34 
 397 
 3.52 
 142 
 4.55 
 4,646 
 5.22 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 758 
 2.83 
 3,588 
 3.75 
 982 
 3.27 
 3,300 
 4.10 
 8,628 
 3.75 
 Total amortized cost of debt securities carried at 
 fair value 
 $ 46,196 
 3.98 
 $ 222,813 
 3.83 
 $ 31,878 
 3.65 
 $ 61,393 
 4.92 
 $ 362,280 
 4.02 
 Amortized cost of HTM debt securities 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 $ 
 —
 — %
 $ 
 —
 — %
 $ 
 10 
 2.60 % 
$430,125 
 2.12 % 
$430,135 
 2.12 % 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 493 
 2.71 
 24,731 
 1.84 
 96,472 
 1.27 
 —
 —
 121,696 
 1.39 
 Other taxable securities 
 174 
 2.15 
 1,007 
 2.28 
 100 
 3.53 
 5,601 
 2.53 
 6,882 
 2.50 
 Total amortized cost of HTM debt securities 
 $ 
 667 
 2.56 
 $ 25,738 
 1.86 
 $ 96,582 
 1.27 
 $ 435,726 
 2.12 
 $ 558,713 
 1.96 
 Debt securities carried at fair value 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 Agency 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
 5 
 $ 31,192 
 $ 31,202 
 Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 
 —
 —
 1 
 19,317 
 19,318 
 Commercial 
 141 
 9,572 
 13,564 
 2,336 
 25,613 
 Non-agency residential 
 —
 2 
 —
 533 
 535 
 Total mortgage-backed securities 
 141 
 9,579 
 13,570 
 53,378 
 76,668 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 24,556 
 201,280 
 12,597 
 31 
 238,464 
 Non-U.S. securities 
 19,682 
 4,391 
 3,892 
 2,492 
 30,457 
 Other taxable securities 
 944 
 3,149 
 378 
 135 
 4,606 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 754 
 3,569 
 963 
 3,126 
 8,412 
 Total debt securities carried at fair value 
 $ 46,077 
 $ 221,968 
 $ 31,400 
 $ 59,162 
 $ 358,607 
 Fair value of HTM debt securities 
 Agency mortgage-backed securities 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 9 
 $341,668 
 $341,677 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 490 
 21,791 
 80,754 
 —
 103,035 
 Other taxable securities 
 170 
 973 
 69 
 4,624 
 5,836 
 Total fair value of HTM debt securities 
 $ 
 660 
 $ 22,764 
 $ 80,832 
 $ 346,292 
 $ 450,548 
 (1) The weighted-average yield is computed based on a constant effective yield over the contractual life of each security. The yield considers the contractual coupon and the amortization of premiums
 and accretion of discounts, excluding the effect of related open hedging derivatives.
 NOTE 5 Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The following tables present total outstanding loans and leases and an aging analysis for the Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card
 and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments, by class of financing receivables, at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 (Dollars in millions) 
 30-59 Days 
 Past Due (1) 
 60-89 Days 
 Past Due (1) 
 90 Days or 
 More 
 Past Due (1) 
 Total Past 
 Due 30 Days 
 or More 
 Total 
 Current or 
 Less Than 
 30 Days 
 Past Due (1) 
 Loans 
 Accounted 
 for Under 
 the Fair 
 Value 
 Option 
 Total 
 Outstandings 
 December 31, 2024 
 Consumer real estate 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 1,222 
 $ 
 288 
 $ 
 788 
 $ 
 2,298 
 $ 225,901 
 $ 228,199 
 Home equity 
 80 
 40 
 127 
 247 
 25,490 
 25,737 
 Credit card and other consumer 
 Credit card 
 685 
 552 
 1,401 
 2,638 
 100,928 
 103,566 
 Direct/Indirect consumer (2) 
 290 
 113 
 106 
 509 
 106,613 
 107,122 
 Other consumer 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 151 
 151 
 Total consumer 
 2,277 
 993 
 2,422 
 5,692 
 459,083 
 464,775 
 Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value 
 option (3) 
 $ 
 221 
 221 
 Total consumer loans and leases 
 2,277 
 993 
 2,422 
 5,692 
 459,083 
 221 
 464,996 
 Commercial 
 U.S. commercial 
 910 
 228 
 345 
 1,483 
 385,507 
 386,990 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 65 
 17 
 4 
 86 
 137,432 
 137,518 
 Commercial real estate (4) 
 640 
 121 
 990 
 1,751 
 63,979 
 65,730 
 Commercial lease financing 
 32 
 9 
 19 
 60 
 15,648 
 15,708 
 U.S. small business commercial 
 190 
 94 
 199 
 483 
 20,382 
 20,865 
 Total commercial 
 1,837 
 469 
 1,557 
 3,863 
 622,948 
 626,811 
 Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value 
 option (3) 
 4,028 
 4,028 
 Total commercial loans and leases 
 1,837 
 469 
 1,557 
 3,863 
 622,948 
 4,028 
 630,839 
 Total loans and leases (5) 
 $ 
 4,114 
 $ 
 1,462 
 $ 
 3,979 
 $ 
 9,555 
 $1,082,031 
 $ 
 4,249 
 $1,095,835 
 Percentage of outstandings 
 0.38 % 
 0.13 % 
 0.36 % 
 0.87 % 
 98.74 % 
 0.39 % 
 100.00 % 
 (1) Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $188 million and nonperforming loans of $174 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes
 fully-insured loans of $71 million and nonperforming loans of $107 million. Consumer real estate loans 90 days or more past due includes fully-insured loans of $229 million and nonperforming
 loans of $686 million. Consumer real estate loans current or less than 30 days past due includes $1.5 billion, and direct/indirect consumer includes $54 million of nonperforming loans.
 (2) Total outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $54.9 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $48.7 billion and non-U.S. consumer loans of $2.8 billion. 
 (3) Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $59 million and home equity loans of $162 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the
 fair value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $2.8 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $1.3 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair
 Value Option.
 (4) Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $59.6 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $6.1 billion. 
 (5) Total outstandings includes loans and leases pledged as collateral of $26.8 billion. The Corporation also pledged $305.2 billion of loans with no related outstanding borrowings to secure
 potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
158
 159
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 30-59 Days 
 Past Due (1) 
 60-89 Days 
 Past Due (1) 
 90 Days or 
 More 
 Past Due (1) 
 Total Past 
 Due 30 
 Days 
 or More 
 Total 
 Current or 
 Less Than 
 30 Days 
 Past Due (1 )
 Loans 
 Accounted 
 for Under 
 the Fair 
 Value Option 
 Total 
 Outstandings 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2023 
 Consumer real estate 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 1,177 
 $ 
 302 
 $ 
 829 
 $ 
 2,308 
 $ 226,095 
 $ 228,403 
 Home equity 
 90 
 38 
 161 
 289 
 25,238 
 25,527 
 Credit card and other consumer 
 Credit card 
 680 
 515 
 1,224 
 2,419 
 99,781 
 102,200 
 Direct/Indirect consumer (2) 
 306 
 99 
 91 
 496 
 102,972 
 103,468 
 Other consumer 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 124 
 124 
 Total consumer 
 2,253 
 954 
 2,305 
 5,512 
 454,210 
 459,722 
 Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value 
 option (3) 
 $ 
 243 
 243 
 Total consumer loans and leases 
 2,253 
 954 
 2,305 
 5,512 
 454,210 
 243 
 459,965 
 Commercial 
 U.S. commercial 
 477 
 96 
 225 
 798 
 358,133 
 358,931 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 86 
 21 
 64 
 171 
 124,410 
 124,581 
 Commercial real estate (4) 
 247 
 133 
 505 
 885 
 71,993 
 72,878 
 Commercial lease financing 
 44 
 8 
 24 
 76 
 14,778 
 14,854 
 U.S. small business commercial 
 166 
 89 
 184 
 439 
 18,758 
 19,197 
 Total commercial 
 1,020 
 347 
 1,002 
 2,369 
 588,072 
 590,441 
 Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value 
 option (3)
 3,326 
 3,326 
 Total commercial loans and leases 
 1,020 
 347 
 1,002 
 2,369 
 588,072 
 3,326 
 593,767 
 Total loans and leases (5) 
 $ 
 3,273 
 $ 
 1,301 
 $ 
 3,307 
 $ 
 7,881 
 $1,042,282 
 $ 
 3,569 
 $1,053,732 
 Percentage of outstandings 
 0.31 % 
 0.12 % 
 0.31 % 
 0.75 % 
 98.91 % 
 0.34 % 
 100.00 % 
 (1) Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $198 million and nonperforming loans of $150 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes
 fully-insured loans of $77 million and nonperforming loans of $102 million. Consumer real estate loans 90 days or more past due includes fully-insured loans of $252 million and nonperforming
 loans of $738 million. Consumer real estate loans current or less than 30 days past due includes $1.6 billion, and direct/indirect consumer includes $39 million of nonperforming loans.
 (2) Total outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $53.9 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $46.0 billion and non-U.S. consumer loans of $2.8 billion. 
 (3) Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $66 million and home equity loans of $177 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the
 fair value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $2.2 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $1.2 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair
 Value Option.
 (4) Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $66.8 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $6.1 billion. 
 (5) Total outstandings includes loans and leases pledged as collateral of $33.7 billion. The Corporation also pledged $246.0 billion of loans with no related outstanding borrowings to secure
 potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank.
 The Corporation has entered into long-term credit protection
 agreements with FNMA and FHLMC on loans totaling $8.0 billion
 and $8.7 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, providing full
 credit protection on residential mortgage loans that become
 severely delinquent. All of these loans are individually insured,
 and therefore the Corporation does not record an allowance for
 credit losses related to these loans.
 Nonperforming Loans and Leases 
 Nonperforming loans were $6.0 billion and $5.5 billion at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. Commercial nonperforming 
 loans were $3.3 billion and $2.8 billion at December 31, 2024 
 and 2023 and were primarily comprised of commercial real 
 estate. Consumer nonperforming loans were $2.6 billion and 
 $2.7 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, primarily 
 comprised of residential mortgage. 
 The following table presents the Corporation’s nonperforming
 loans and leases and loans accruing past due 90 days or more
 at December 31, 2024 and 2023. Nonperforming LHFS are
 excluded from nonperforming loans and leases as they are
 recorded at either fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. For
 more information on the criteria for
 classification as
 nonperforming, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting
 Principles.
 Credit Quality 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Nonperforming Loans 
 and Leases 
 Accruing Past Due 
 90 Days or More 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Residential mortgage (1) 
 $ 
 2,052 
 $ 
 2,114 
 $ 
 229 
 $ 
 252 
 With no related allowance (2) 
 1,883 
 1,974 
 —
 —
 Home equity (1) 
 409 
 450 
 —
 —
 With no related allowance (2) 
 334 
 375 
 —
 —
 Credit Card 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 1,401 
 1,224 
 Direct/indirect consumer 
 186 
 148 
 1 
 2 
 Total consumer 
 2,647 
 2,712 
 1,631 
 1,478 
 U.S. commercial 
 1,204 
 636 
 90 
 51 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 8 
 175 
 4 
 4 
 Commercial real estate 
 2,068 
 1,927 
 6 
 32 
 Commercial lease financing 
 20 
 19 
 3 
 7 
 U.S. small business commercial 
 28 
 16 
 197 
 184 
 Total commercial 
 3,328 
 2,773 
 300 
 278 
 Total nonperforming loans 
 $ 
 5,975 
 $ 
 5,485 
 $ 
 1,931 
 $ 
 1,756 
 Percentage of outstanding loans and leases 
 0.55 % 
 0.52 % 
 0.18 % 
 0.17 % 
 (1) Residential mortgage loans accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At December 31, 2024 and 2023 residential mortgage included $119 million and $156 million of loans on
 which interest had been curtailed by the FHA, and therefore were no longer accruing interest, although principal was still insured, and $110 million and $96 million of loans on which interest was
 still accruing.
 (2) Primarily relates to loans for which the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral less any costs to sell is greater than the amortized cost of the loans as of the reporting date. 
 n/a = not applicable 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The Corporation monitors credit quality within its Consumer Real
 Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial
 portfolio segments based on primary credit quality indicators.
 For more information on the portfolio segments, see Note 1 –
 Summary of
 Significant Accounting Principles. Within the
 Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment, the primary credit
 quality indicators are refreshed LTV and refreshed Fair Isaac
 Corporation (FICO) score. Refreshed LTV measures the carrying
 value of the loan as a percentage of the value of the property
 securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. Home equity loans are
 evaluated using CLTV, which measures the carrying value of the
 Corporation’s loan and available line of credit combined with any
 outstanding senior liens against the property as a percentage of
 the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly.
 FICO score measures the creditworthiness of the borrower
 based on the financial obligations of the borrower and the
 borrower’s credit history. FICO scores are typically refreshed
 quarterly or more frequently. Certain borrowers (e.g., borrowers
 that have had debts discharged in a bankruptcy proceeding) may
 not have their FICO scores updated. FICO scores are also a
 primary credit quality indicator for the Credit Card and Other
 Consumer portfolio segment and the business card portfolio
 within U.S. small business commercial. Within the Commercial
 portfolio segment, loans are evaluated using the internal
 classifications of pass rated or reservable criticized as the
 primary credit quality indicators. The term reservable criticized
 refers to those commercial loans that are internally classified or
 listed by the Corporation as Special Mention, Substandard or
 Doubtful,
 which are asset
 quality
 categories defined by
 regulatory authorities. These assets have an elevated level of
 risk and may have a high probability of default or total loss.
 Pass rated refers to all loans not considered reservable
 criticized. In addition to these primary credit quality indicators,
 the Corporation uses other credit quality indicators for certain
 types of loans.
 The following tables present certain credit quality indicators 
 and gross charge-offs for the Corporation's Consumer Real 
 Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial 
 portfolio segments by year of origination, except for revolving 
 loans and revolving loans that were modified into term loans, 
 which are shown on an aggregate basis at December 31, 2024. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
160
 161
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 n 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 
 Residential Mortgage – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 e
T rm Loans by Origination Year 
 Total as of 
 December 31, 
 2024 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Prior 
 Residential Mortgage 
 Refreshed LTV 
 Less than or equal to 90 percent 
 $ 
 215,575 
 $ 
 18,115 
 $ 
 12,910 
 $ 
 36,748 
 $ 
 71,912 
 $ 
 32,504 
 $ 
 43,386 
 Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent 
 1,848 
 724 
 463 
 471 
 122 
 31 
 37 
 Greater than 100 percent 
 863 
 428 
 195 
 144 
 56 
 15 
 25 
 Fully-insured loans 
 9,913 
 288 
 190 
 302 
 3,153 
 2,568 
 3,412 
 Total Residential Mortgage 
 $ 
 228,199 
 $ 
 19,555 
 $ 
 13,758 
 $ 
 37,665 
 $ 
 75,243 
 $ 
 35,118 
 $ 
 46,860 
 Residential Mortgage 
 Refreshed FICO score 
 Less than 620 
 $ 
 2,619 
 $ 
 172 
 $ 
 171 
 $ 
 484 
 $ 
 649 
 $ 
 427 
 $ 
 716 
 Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680 
 4,687 
 329 
 337 
 826 
 1,201 
 736 
 1,258 
 Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740 
 22,666 
 2,008 
 1,553 
 4,112 
 6,322 
 3,431 
 5,240 
 Greater than or equal to 740 
 188,314 
 16,758 
 11,507 
 31,941 
 63,918 
 27,956 
 36,234 
 Fully-insured loans 
 9,913 
 288 
 190 
 302 
 3,153 
 2,568 
 3,412 
 Total Residential Mortgage 
 $ 
 228,199 
 $ 
 19,555 
 $ 
 13,758 
 $ 
 37,665 
 $ 
 75,243 
 $ 
 35,118 
 $ 
 46,860 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 21 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 3 
 $ 
 6 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 7 
 Home Equity - Credit Quality Indicators 
 Total 
 Home Equity Loans 
 and Reverse 
 Mortgages (1) 
 Revolving Loans 
 Revolving Loans 
 Converted to Term 
 Loans 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 Home Equity 
 Refreshed LTV 
 Less than or equal to 90 percent 
 $ 
 25,638 
 $ 
 780 
 $ 
 21,450 
 $ 
 3,408 
 Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent 
 51 
 4 
 42 
 5 
 Greater than 100 percent 
 48 
 3 
 34 
 11 
 Total Home Equity 
 $ 
 25,737 
 $ 
 787 
 $ 
 21,526 
 $ 
 3,424 
 Home Equity 
 Refreshed FICO score 
 Less than 620 
 $ 
 645 
 $ 
 72 
 $ 
 320 
 $ 
 253 
 Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680 
 1,115 
 83 
 689 
 343 
 Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740 
 4,373 
 161 
 3,429 
 783 
 Greater than or equal to 740 
 19,604 
 471 
 17,088 
 2,045 
 Total Home Equity 
 $ 
 25,737 
 $ 
 787 
 $ 
 21,526 
 $ 
 3,424 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 21 
 $ 
 6 
 $ 
 9 
 $ 
 6 
 (1) Includes reverse mortgages of $500 million and home equity loans of $287 million, which are no longer originated. 
 Credit Card and Direct/Indirect Consumer – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Direct/Indirect 
 Total Direct/ 
 Indirect as of 
 December 31, 
 2024 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Term Loans by Origination 
 r 
Yea
 Credit Card 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Prior 
 Total Credit 
 Card as of 
 December 31, 
 2024 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Converted 
 to Term 
 Loans (1) 
 Refreshed FICO score 
 Less than 620 
 $ 
 1,483 
 $ 
 10 
 $ 
 249 
 $ 
 452 
 $ 
 433 
 $ 
 243 
 $ 
 53 
 $ 
 43 
 $ 
 5,866 
 $ 
5,511 
 $ 
 355 
 Greater than or equal to 620 and 
 less than 680 
 2,360 
 9 
 735 
 699 
 523 
 272 
 67 
 55 
 11,580 
 11,250 
 330 
 Greater than or equal to 680 and 
 less than 740 
 8,071 
 42 
 3,038 
 2,179 
 1,587 
 825 
 226 
 174 
 35,037 
 34,743 
 294 
 Greater than or equal to 740 
 43,141 
 67 
 17,889 
 11,240 
 7,635 
 3,908 
 1,319 
 1,083 
 51,083 
 51,019 
 64 
 Other internal credit 
 metrics (2 ,3) 
 52,067 
 51,433 
 165 
 51 
 127 
 95 
 36 
 160 
 —
 —
 —
 Total credit card and other 
 consumer 
 $ 
 107,122 
 $ 51,561 
 $ 22,076 
 $ 14,621 
 $ 10,305 
 $ 
5,343 
 $ 
1,701 
 $ 
1,515 
 $ 
 103,566 
 $102,523 
 $ 
 1,043 
 Gross charge-offs for the year 
 ended December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 399 
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
 46 
 $ 
 144 
 $ 
 109 
 $ 
 51 
 $ 
 12 
 $ 
 32 
 $ 
 4,365 
 $ 
4,188 
 $ 
 177 
 (1) Represents loans that were modified into term loans. 
 (2) Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors. 
 (3) Direct/indirect consumer includes $51.4 billion of securities-based lending, which is typically supported by highly liquid collateral with market value greater than or equal to the outstanding loa
 balance and therefore has minimal credit risk at December 31, 2024.
 Commercial – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Total as of 
 December 31, 
 2024 
 Term Loans 
 Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Prior 
 U.S. Commercial 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 374,380 
 $ 
 49,587 
 $ 
 33,352 
 $ 
 34,015 
 $ 
 20,801 
 $ 
 10,172 
 $ 
 34,176 
 $ 192,277 
 Reservable criticized 
 12,610 
 157 
 901 
 1,035 
 799 
 340 
 1,996 
 7,382 
 Total U.S. Commercial 
 $ 
 386,990 
 $ 
 49,744 
 $ 
 34,253 
 $ 
 35,050 
 $ 
 21,600 
 $ 
 10,512 
 $ 
 36,172 
 $ 199,659 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 439 
 $ 
 3 
 $ 
 122 
 $ 
 80 
 $ 
 19 
 $ 
 4 
 $ 
 63 
 $ 
 148 
 Non-U.S. Commercial 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 135,720 
 $ 
 27,119 
 $ 
 14,268 
 $ 
 12,220 
 $ 
 11,750 
 $ 
 1,328 
 $ 
 6,777 
 $ 
 62,258 
 Reservable criticized 
 1,798 
 22 
 180 
 145 
 310 
 8 
 106 
 1,027 
 Total Non-U.S. Commercial 
 $ 
 137,518 
 $ 
 27,141 
 $ 
 14,448 
 $ 
 12,365 
 $ 
 12,060 
 $ 
 1,336 
 $ 
 6,883 
 $ 
 63,28 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 81 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 41 
 $ 
 22 
 $ 
 16 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $
 Commercial Real Estate 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 55,607 
 $ 
 5,422 
 $ 
 4,935 
 $ 
 10,755 
 $ 
 8,990 
 $ 
 2,911 
 $ 
 13,310 
 $ 
 9,28 
 Reservable criticized 
 10,123 
 41 
 211 
 3,252 
 2,100 
 588 
 3,372 
 55 
 Total Commercial Real Estate 
 $ 
 65,730 
 $ 
 5,463 
 $ 
 5,146 
 $ 
 14,007 
 $ 
 11,090 
 $ 
 3,499 
 $ 
 16,682 
 $ 
 9,84 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 894 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 57 
 $ 
 83 
 $ 
 62 
 $ 
 663 
 $ 
 2 
 Commercial Lease Financing 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 15,417 
 $ 
 3,902 
 $ 
 3,675 
 $ 
 2,465 
 $ 
 1,921 
 $ 
 1,033 
 $ 
 2,421 
 $ 
 —
 Reservable criticized 
 291 
 9 
 96 
 67 
 52 
 23 
 44 
 —
 Total Commercial Lease Financing 
 $ 
 15,708 
 $ 
 3,911 
 $ 
 3,771 
 $ 
 2,532 
 $ 
 1,973 
 $ 
 1,056 
 $ 
 2,465 
 $ 
 —
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 U.S. Small Business Commercial (2) 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 9,806 
 $ 
 1,926 
 $ 
 1,887 
 $ 
 1,650 
 $ 
 1,302 
 $ 
 604 
 $ 
 1,992 
 $ 
 445 
 Reservable criticized 
 443 
 8 
 83 
 104 
 115 
 25 
 105 
 3 
 Total U.S. Small Business Commercial 
 $ 
 10,249 
 $ 
 1,934 
 $ 
 1,970 
 $ 
 1,754 
 $ 
 1,417 
 $ 
 629 
 $ 
 2,097 
 $ 
 448 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 30 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 6 
 $ 
 7 
 $ 
 13 
 Total 
 $ 
 616,195 
 $ 
 88,193 
 $ 
 59,588 
 $ 
 65,708 
 $ 
 48,140 
 $ 
 17,032 
 $ 
 64,299 
 $ 273,235 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 1,446 
 $ 
 3 
 $ 
 164 
 $ 
 161 
 $ 
 121 
 $ 
 72 
 $ 
 733 
 $ 
 19 
 (1) Excludes $4.0 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2024. 
 (2) Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans of $10.6 billion. Refreshed FICO scores for this portfolio are $699 million for less than 620; $1.2 billion for greater than or equal to 620 and less than
 680; $3.0 billion for greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740; and $5.8 billion greater than or equal to 740. Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans gross charge-offs of $489 million.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
162
 163
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The following tables present certain credit quality indicators for the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other
 Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments by year of origination, except for revolving loans and revolving loans that were
 modified into term loans, which are shown on an aggregate basis at December 31, 2023.
 Residential Mortgage – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Total as of 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 Term Loans by Origination Year 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 Prior 
 Residential Mortgage 
 Refreshed LTV 
 Less than or equal to 90 percent 
 $ 
214,661 
 $ 
 15,224 
 $ 
 38,225 
 $ 
 76,229 
 $ 
 35,072 
 $ 
 17,432 
 $ 
 32,479 
 Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 
 percent 
 1,994 
 698 
 911 
 286 
 53 
 25 
 21 
 Greater than 100 percent 
 785 
 264 
 342 
 100 
 31 
 14 
 34 
 Fully-insured loans 
 10,963 
 540 
 350 
 3,415 
 2,834 
 847 
 2,977 
 Total Residential Mortgage 
 $ 
228,403 
 $ 
 16,726 
 $ 
 39,828 
 $ 
 80,030 
 $ 
 37,990 
 $ 
 18,318 
 $ 
 35,511 
 Residential Mortgage 
 Refreshed FICO score 
 Less than 620 
 $ 
 2,335 
 $ 
 115 
 $ 
 471 
 $ 
 589 
 $ 
 402 
 $ 
 136 
 $ 
 622 
 Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680 
 4,671 
 359 
 919 
 1,235 
 777 
 296 
 1,085 
 Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740 
 23,357 
 1,934 
 4,652 
 6,988 
 3,742 
 1,836 
 4,205 
 Greater than or equal to 740 
 187,077 
 13,778 
 33,436 
 67,803 
 30,235 
 15,203 
 26,622 
 Fully-insured loans 
 10,963 
 540 
 350 
 3,415 
 2,834 
 847 
 2,977 
 Total Residential Mortgage 
 $ 
228,403 
 $ 
 16,726 
 $ 
 39,828 
 $ 
 80,030 
 $ 
 37,990 
 $ 
 18,318 
 $ 
 35,511 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 67 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 7 
 $ 
 12 
 $ 
 6 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 40 
 Home Equity - Credit Quality Indicators 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Total 
 Home Equity 
 Loans and 
 Reverse 
 Mortgages (1) 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Converted to 
 Term Loans 
 December 31, 2023 
 Home Equity 
 Refreshed LTV 
 Less than or equal to 90 percent 
 $ 
 25,378 
 $ 
 1,051 
 $ 
 20,380 
 $ 
 3,947 
 Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent 
 61 
 17 
 35 
 9 
 Greater than 100 percent 
 88 
 35 
 36 
 17 
 Total Home Equity 
 $ 
 25,527 
 $ 
 1,103 
 $ 
 20,451 
 $ 
 3,973 
 Home Equity 
 Refreshed FICO score 
 Less than 620 
 $ 
 654 
 $ 
 123 
 $ 
 253 
 $ 
 278 
 Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 680 
 1,107 
 118 
 589 
 400 
 Greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740 
 4,340 
 240 
 3,156 
 944 
 Greater than or equal to 740 
 19,426 
 622 
 16,453 
 2,351 
 Total Home Equity 
 $ 
 25,527 
 $ 
 1,103 
 $ 
 20,451 
 $ 
 3,973 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 36 
 $ 
 4 
 $ 
 21 
 $ 
 11 
 (1) Includes reverse mortgages of $763 million and home equity loans of $340 million, which are no longer originated. 
 Credit Card and Direct/Indirect Consumer – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Direct/Indirect 
 Total Direct/ 
 Indirect as of 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Term Loans by Origination Year 
 Credit Card 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 Prior 
 Total Credit 
 Card as of 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Converted 
 to Term 
 Loans (1) 
 Refreshed FICO score 
 Less than 620 
 $ 
 1,246 
 $ 
 11 
 $ 
 292 
 $ 
 428 
 $ 
 336 
 $ 
 85 
 $ 
 55 
 $ 
 39 
 $ 
 5,338 
 $ 
 5,030 
 $ 
 308 
 Greater than or equal to 620 
 and less than 680 
 2,506 
 11 
 937 
 799 
 501 
 121 
 73 
 64 
 11,623 
 11,345 
 278 
 Greater than or equal to 680 
 and less than 740 
 8,629 
 48 
 3,451 
 2,582 
 1,641 
 462 
 244 
 201 
 34,777 
 34,538 
 239 
 Greater than or equal to 740 
 41,656 
 74 
 16,761 
 11,802 
 7,643 
 2,707 
 1,417 
 1,252 
 50,462 
 50,410 
 52 
 Other internal credit 
 metrics (2 , 3) 
 49,431 
 48,764 
 106 
 183 
 110 
 53 
 57 
 158 
 —
 —
 —
 Total credit card and other 
 consumer 
 $ 
 103,468 
 $ 48,908 
 $ 21,547 
 $ 15,794 
 $ 10,231 
 $ 
3,428 
 $ 
1,846 
 $ 
 1,714 
 $ 
 102,200 
 $ 101,323 
 $ 
 877 
 Gross charge-offs for the year 
 ended December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 233 
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
 32 
 $ 
 95 
 $ 
 53 
 $ 
 15 
 $ 
 10 
 $ 
 23 
 $ 
 3,133 
 $ 
 3,013 
 $ 
 120 
 (1) Represents loans that were modified into term loans. 
 (2) Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors. 
 (3) Direct/indirect consumer includes $48.8 billion of securities-based lending, which is typically supported by highly liquid collateral with market value greater than or equal to the outstanding loan
 balance and therefore has minimal credit risk at December 31, 2023.
 Commercial – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Total as of 
 December 31, 
 2023 
 Term Loans 
 Revolving 
 Loans 
 Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 
 2023 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 Prior 
 U.S. Commercial 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 347,563 
 $ 
 41,842 
 $ 
 43,290 
 $ 
 27,738 
 $ 
 13,495 
 $ 
 11,772 
 $ 
 29,923 
 $ 179,503 
 Reservable criticized 
 11,368 
 278 
 1,316 
 708 
 363 
 537 
 1,342 
 6,824 
 Total U.S. Commercial 
 $ 
 358,931 
 $ 
 42,120 
 $ 
 44,606 
 $ 
 28,446 
 $ 
 13,858 
 $ 
 12,309 
 $ 
 31,265 
 $ 186,327 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 191 
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
 38 
 $ 
 29 
 $ 
 4 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 27 
 $ 
 86 
 Non-U.S. Commercial 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 122,931 
 $ 
 17,053 
 $ 
 15,810 
 $ 
 15,256 
 $ 
 2,405 
 $ 
 2,950 
 $ 
 5,485 
 $ 
 63,972 
 Reservable criticized 
 1,650 
 50 
 184 
 294 
 90 
 158 
 74 
 800 
 Total Non-U.S. Commercial 
 $ 
 124,581 
 $ 
 17,103 
 $ 
 15,994 
 $ 
 15,550 
 $ 
 2,495 
 $ 
 3,108 
 $ 
 5,559 
 $ 
 64,772 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 37 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 8 
 $ 
 7 
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 21 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 64,150 
 $ 
 4,877 
 $ 
 16,147 
 $ 
 11,810 
 $ 
 4,026 
 $ 
 7,286 
 $ 
 10,127 
 $ 
 9,877 
 Reservable criticized 
 8,728 
 134 
 749 
 1,728 
 782 
 2,132 
 2,794 
 409 
 Total Commercial Real Estate 
 $ 
 72,878 
 $ 
 5,011 
 $ 
 16,896 
 $ 
 13,538 
 $ 
 4,808 
 $ 
 9,418 
 $ 
 12,921 
 $ 
 10,286 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 254 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 4 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 59 
 $ 
 189 
 $ 
 —
 Commercial Lease Financing 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 14,688 
 $ 
 4,188 
 $ 
 3,077 
 $ 
 2,373 
 $ 
 1,349 
 $ 
 1,174 
 $ 
 2,527 
 $ 
 —
 Reservable criticized 
 166 
 9 
 22 
 46 
 16 
 32 
 41 
 —
 Total Commercial Lease Financing 
 $ 
 14,854 
 $ 
 4,197 
 $ 
 3,099 
 $ 
 2,419 
 $ 
 1,365 
 $ 
 1,206 
 $ 
 2,568 
 $ 
 —
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 U.S. Small Business Commercial (2) 
 Risk ratings 
 Pass rated 
 $ 
 9,031 
 $ 
 1,886 
 $ 
 1,830 
 $ 
 1,550 
 $ 
 836 
 $ 
 721 
 $ 
 1,780 
 $ 
 428 
 Reservable criticized 
 384 
 6 
 64 
 95 
 40 
 63 
 113 
 3 
 Total U.S. Small Business Commercial 
 $ 
 9,415 
 $ 
 1,892 
 $ 
 1,894 
 $ 
 1,645 
 $ 
 876 
 $ 
 784 
 $ 
 1,893 
 $ 
 431 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 43 
 $ 
 1 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 19 
 $ 
 3 
 $ 
 4 
 $ 
 12 
 Total 
 $ 
 580,659 
 $ 
 70,323 
 $ 
 82,489 
 $ 
 61,598 
 $ 
 23,402 
 $ 
 26,825 
 $ 
 54,206 
 $ 261,816 
 Gross charge-offs for the year ended 
 December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 527 
 $ 
 8 
 $ 
 40 
 $ 
 44 
 $ 
 31 
 $ 
 65 
 $ 
 220 
 $ 
 119 
 (1) Excludes $3.3 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans of $9.8 billion. Refreshed FICO scores for this portfolio are $530 million for less than 620; $1.1 billion for greater than or equal to 620 and less than
 680; $2.7 billion for greater than or equal to 680 and less than 740; and $5.5 billion greater than or equal to 740. Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans gross charge-offs of $317 million.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
164
 165
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 During 2024, commercial reservable criticized utilized 
 exposure increased to $26.5 billion at December 31, 2024 from 
 $23.3 billion (to 4.01 percent from 3.74 percent of total 
 commercial reservable utilized exposure) at December 31, 
 2023, primarily driven by commercial real estate and U.S. 
 commercial. 
 Loan Modifications to Borrowers in Financial 
 Difficulty 
 As part of its credit risk management, the Corporation may 
 modify a loan agreement with a borrower experiencing financial 
 difficulties through a refinancing or restructuring of the 
 borrower’s loan agreement (modification programs). 
 Consumer Real Estate 
 The following modification programs are offered for consumer 
 real estate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties, 
 in addition to borrowers affected by natural disasters. 
 Forbearance and Other
 Payment Plans: Forbearance plans
 generally consist of the Corporation suspending the borrower’s
 payments for a defined period, with those payments then due
 over a defined period of time or at the conclusion of the
 forbearance period. The aging status of a loan is generally
 frozen when it enters into a forbearance plan. If a borrower is
 unable to fulfill their obligations under the forbearance plans,
 they may be offered a trial offer or permanent modification.
 Trial Offer
 and Permanent Modifications: Trial
 offer for
 modification plans generally consist of the Corporation offering
 a borrower modified loan terms that reduce their contractual
 payments temporarily over a three-to-four-month trial period. If
 the customer successfully makes the modified payments during
 the trial period and formally accepts the modified terms, the
 modified loan terms become permanent. Some borrowers may
 enter into permanent modifications without a trial period. In a
 permanent modification, the borrower’s payment terms are
 typically modified in more than one manner, but generally
 include a term extension and an interest rate reduction. At
 times, the permanent modification may also include principal
 forgiveness and/or a deferral of past due principal and interest
 amounts to the end of the loan term. The combinations utilized
 are based on modifying the terms that give the borrower an
 improved ability to meet the contractual obligations. The term
 extensions granted for residential mortgage and home equity
 permanent modifications vary widely and can be up to 30 years,
 but most are in the range of 1 to 20 years. Principal forgiveness
 and payment deferrals were insignificant during 2024 and
 2023.
 The table below provides the ending amortized cost of the 
 Corporation’s modified consumer real estate loans at December 
 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Consumer Real Estate - Modifications to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Forbearance 
 and Other 
 Payment Plans 
 Permanent 
 Modification 
 Total 
 As a % of 
 Financing 
 Receivables 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 
 Residential Loans 
 $ 
 46 
 $ 
 186 
 $ 
 232 
 0.10 % 
 Home Equity 
 1 
 31 
 32 
 0.12 % 
 Total 
 $ 
 47 
 $ 
 217 
 $ 
 264 
 0.10 % 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Residential Loans 
 $ 
 429 
 $ 
 154 
 $ 
 583 
 0.26 % 
 Home Equity 
 57 
 31 
 88 
 0.34 
 Total 
 $ 
 486 
 $ 
 185 
 $ 
 671 
 0.26 
 The table below presents the financial effect of modified consumer real estate loans. 
 Financial Effect of Modified Consumer Real Estate Loans 
 Year Ended December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Forbearance and Other Payment Plans 
 Weighted-average duration 
 Residential Mortgage 
 7 months 
 8 months 
 Home Equity 
 n/a 
 9 months 
 Permanent Modifications 
 Weighted-average Term Extension 
 Residential Mortgage 
 9.6 years 
 9.9 years 
 Home Equity 
 17.7 years 
 17.7 years 
 Weighted-average Interest Rate Reduction 
 Residential Mortgage 
 1.25 % 
 1.41 % 
 Home Equity 
 2.61 % 
 2.74 % 
 n/a = not applicable 
 For consumer real estate borrowers in financial difficulty that received a forbearance, trial or permanent modification, there were
 no commitments to lend additional funds at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to
 assess effectiveness of modification programs. During 2024
 and 2023, defaults of residential and home equity loans that
 had been modified within 12 months were $128 million and
 $287 million. The table below provides aging information as of
 December 31, 2024 and 2023 for consumer real estate loans
 that were modified over the last 12 months.
 Consumer Real Estate - Payment Status of Modifications to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Current 
 30–89 Days 
 Past Due 
 90+ Days 
 Past Due 
 Total 
 December 31, 2024 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 123 
 $ 
 54 
 $ 
 55 
 $ 
 232 
 Home equity 
 28 
 2 
 2 
 32 
 Total 
 $ 
 151 
 $ 
 56 
 $ 
 57 
 $ 
 264 
 December 31, 2023 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 334 
 $ 
 101 
 $ 
 148 
 $ 
 583 
 Home equity 
 58 
 5 
 25 
 88 
 Total 
 $ 
 392 
 $ 
 106 
 $ 
 173 
 $ 
 671 
 Consumer real estate foreclosed properties totaled $60 
 million and $83 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The 
 carrying value of consumer real estate loans, including fully 
 insured loans, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in 
 process at December 31, 2024 and 2023, was $464 million 
 and $633 million. During 2024 and 2023, the Corporation 
 reclassified $89 million and $106 million of consumer real 
 estate loans to foreclosed properties or, for properties acquired 
 upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans 
 (principally 
 FHA-insured 
 loans), 
 to 
 other 
 assets. 
 The 
 reclassifications represent non-cash investing activities and, 
 accordingly, are not reflected in the Consolidated Statement of 
 Cash Flows. 
 Credit Card and Other Consumer 
 Credit card and other consumer loans are primarily modified by
 placing the customer on a fixed payment plan with a significantly
 reduced fixed interest rate, with terms ranging from 6 months to
 72 months,
 most
 of
 which had a 60-month
 term at
 December 31, 2024. In certain circumstances, the Corporation
 will forgive a portion of the outstanding balance if the borrower
 makes payments up to a set amount. The Corporation makes
 modifications directly with borrowers for loans held by the
 Corporation (internal programs) as well as through third-party
 renegotiation agencies that provide solutions to customers’
 entire unsecured debt structures (external programs). The
 December 31, 2024 amortized cost of credit card and other
 consumer loans that were modified through these programs
 during 2024 was $650 million compared to $598 million in
 2023.
 These modifications represented 0.31 percent
 of
 outstanding credit card and other consumer loans for 2024
 compared to 0.29 percent for 2023. During 2024, the financial
 effect of modifications resulted in a weighted-average interest
 rate reduction of 18.89 percent compared to 19.02 percent in
 2023, and principal forgiveness of $113 million compared to
 $61 million in 2023.
 The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to
 assess effectiveness of modification programs. During 2024
 and 2023, defaults of credit card and other consumer loans
 that had been modified within 12 months were insignificant. At
 December 31, 2024, modified credit card and other consumer
 loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty over the last
 12 months totaled $650 million, of which $546 million were
 current, $58 million were 30-89 days past due, and $46 million
 were greater than 90 days past due. At December 31, 2023,
 modified credit card and other consumer loans to borrowers
 experiencing financial difficulty totaled $598 million, of which
 $491 million were current, $59 million were 30-89 days past
 due, and $48 million were greater than 90 days past due.
 Commercial Loans 
 Modifications of loans to commercial borrowers experiencing 
 financial difficulty are designed to reduce the Corporation’s loss 
 exposure while providing borrowers with an opportunity to work 
 through financial difficulties, often to avoid foreclosure or 
 bankruptcy. Each modification is unique, reflects the borrower’s 
 individual circumstances and is designed to benefit the borrower 
 while mitigating the Corporation’s risk exposure. Commercial 
 modifications are primarily term extensions and payment 
 forbearances. Payment forbearances involve the Corporation 
 forbearing its contractual right to collect certain payments or 
 payment in full (maturity forbearance) for a defined period of 
 time. Reductions in interest rates and principal forgiveness 
 occur 
 infrequently 
 for 
 commercial 
 borrowers. 
 Principal 
 forgiveness may occur in connection with foreclosure, short 
 sales or other settlement agreements, leading to termination or 
 sale of the loan. The following table provides the ending 
 amortized cost of commercial loans modified during 2024 and 
 2023. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
166
 167
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 .
 Commercial Loans - Modifications to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Term 
 Extension 
 Forbearances 
 Interest Rate 
 Reduction 
 Total 
 As a % of 
 Financing 
 Receivables 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 
 U.S. commercial 
 $ 
 1,266 
 $ 
 262 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1,528 
 0.39 % 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 27 
 —
 —
 27 
 0.02 
 Commercial real estate 
 1,849 
 444 
 100 
 2,393 
 3.64 
 Total 
 $ 
 3,142 
 $ 
 706 
 $ 
 100 
 $ 
 3,948 
 0.67 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 U.S. commercial 
 $ 
 1,016 
 $ 
 30 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1,046 
 0.29 % 
 Non-U.S. commercial 
 136 
 —
 24 
 160 
 0.13 
 Commercial real estate 
 1,656 
 416 
 —
 2,072 
 2.84 
 Total 
 $ 
 2,808 
 $ 
 446 
 $ 
 24 
 $ 
 3,278 
 0.59 
 Term extensions granted increased the weighted-average life
 of the impacted loans by 1.7 years during 2024 compared to
 1.6 years in 2023. The weighted-average duration of loan
 payments deferred under the Corporation’s commercial loan
 forbearance program was 9 months during 2024 and 2023. The
 deferral period for loan payments can vary, but are mostly in the
 range of 8 months to 24 months. Modifications of loans to
 troubled borrowers for Commercial Lease Financing and U.S.
 Small Business Commercial were not significant during 2024.
 The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to
 assess effectiveness of modification programs. In 2024 and
 2023, defaults of commercial loans that had been modified
 within 12 months were $102 million and $159 million. The
 table below provides aging information as of December 31,
 2024 and 2023 for commercial loans that were modified over
 the last 12 months.
 Commercial - Payment Status of Modified Loans to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty 
 Current 
 30–89 Days 
 Past Due 
 90+ Days 
 Past Due 
 Total 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 U.S. Commercial 
 $ 
 1,346 
 $ 
 70 
 $ 
 112 
 $ 
 1,528 
 Non-U.S. Commercial 
 27 
 —
 —
 27 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 2,100 
 90 
 203 
 2,393 
 Total 
 $ 
 3,473 
 $ 
 160 
 $ 
 315 
 $ 
 3,948 
 December 31, 2023 
 U.S. Commercial 
 $ 
 1,015 
 $ 
 3 
 $ 
 28 
 $ 
 1,046 
 Non-U.S. Commercial 
 157 
 3 
 —
 160 
 Commercial Real Estate 
 1,608 
 122 
 342 
 2,072 
 Total 
 $ 
 2,780 
 $ 
 128 
 $ 
 370 
 $ 
 3,278 
 For 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had commitments to 
 lend $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion to commercial borrowers 
 experiencing financial difficulty whose loans were modified 
 during the period. 
 Prior-period Troubled Debt Restructuring Disclosures 
 Prior to adopting the new accounting standard on loan 
 modifications, the Corporation accounted for modifications of 
 loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as TDRs, 
 when the modification resulted in a concession. The following 
 discussion reflects loans that were considered TDRs prior to 
 January 1, 2023. 
 Consumer Real Estate 
 The following table presents the December 31, 2022 unpaid
 principal balance, carrying value, and average pre- and post
 modification interest rates of consumer real estate loans that
 were modified in TDRs during 2022. The following Consumer
 Real Estate portfolio segment tables include loans that were
 initially classified as TDRs during the period and also loans that
 had previously been classified as TDRs and were modified again
 during the period. Binding trial modifications are classified as
 TDRs when the trial offer is made and continue to be classified
 as TDRs regardless of whether the borrower enters into a
 permanent modification.
 At December 31, 2022, remaining commitments to lend 
 additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in 
 a consumer real estate TDR were not significant. 
 Consumer Real Estate – TDRs Entered into During 2022 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Unpaid 
 Principal 
 Balance 
 Carrying 
 Value 
 Pre 
 Modification 
 Interest Rate 
 Post 
 Modification 
 Interest Rate (1) 
 December 31, 2022 
 Residential mortgage 
 $ 
 1,144 
 $ 
 1,015 
 3.52 % 
 3.40 % 
 Home equity 
 238 
 191 
 4.61 
 4.65 
 Total 
 $ 
 1,382 
 $ 
 1,206 
 3.71 
 3.62 
 (1) The post-modification interest rate reflects the interest rate applicable only to permanently completed modifications, which exclude loans that are in a trial modification period. 
 The table below presents the December 31, 2022 carrying value for consumer real estate loans that were modified in a TDR 
 during 2022, by type of modification. 
 Consumer Real Estate – Modification Programs 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 TDRs Entered into During 
 2022 
 Modifications under government programs 
 $ 
 2 
 Modifications under proprietary programs 
 1,100 
 Loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy (1) 
 14 
 Trial modifications 
 90 
 Total modifications 
 $ 
 1,206 
 (1) Includes loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy with no change in repayment terms that are classified as TDRs. 
 The table below presents the carrying value of consumer real estate loans that entered into payment default during 2022 that
 were modified in a TDR during the 12 months preceding payment default. A payment default for consumer real estate TDRs is
 recognized when a borrower has missed three monthly payments (not necessarily consecutively) since modification.
 Consumer Real Estate – TDRs Entering Payment Default that were Modified During the Preceding 12 Months 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2022 
 Modifications under proprietary programs 
 $ 
 189 
 Loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy (1) 
 2 
 Trial modifications (2) 
 25 
 Total modifications 
 $ 
 216 
 (1) Includes loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy with no change in repayment terms that are classified as TDRs. 
 (2) Includes trial modification offers to which the customer did not respond. 
 Credit Card and Other Consumer 
 The table below provides information on the Corporation’s Credit Card and Other Consumer TDR portfolio including December 31,
 2022 unpaid principal balance, carrying value, and average pre- and post-modification interest rates of loans that were modified in
 TDRs during 2022.
 Credit Card and Other Consumer – TDRs Entered into During 2022 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Unpaid 
 Principal 
 Balance 
 Carrying 
 Value (1) 
 Pre 
 Modification 
 Interest Rate 
 Post 
 Modification 
 Interest Rate 
 December 31, 2022 
 Credit card 
 $ 
 284 
 $ 
 293 
 22.34 % 
 3.89 % 
 Direct/Indirect consumer 
 6 
 5 
 5.51 
 5.50 
 Total 
 $ 
 290 
 $ 
 298 
 22.06 
 3.92 
 (1) Includes accrued interest and fees. 
 The table below presents the December 31, 2022 carrying value for Credit Card and Other Consumer loans that were modified in 
 a TDR during 2022 by program type. 
 Credit Card and Other Consumer – TDRs by Program Type (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2022 
 Internal programs 
 $ 
 251 
 External programs 
 44 
 Other 
 3 
 Total 
 $ 
 298 
 (1) Includes accrued interest and fees 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
168
 169
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Credit card and other consumer loans are deemed to be in
 payment default during the quarter in which a borrower misses
 the second of two consecutive payments. Payment defaults are
 one of the factors considered when projecting future cash flows
 in the calculation of the allowance for loan and lease losses for
 credit card and other consumer.
 Commercial Loans 
 During 2022, the carrying value of the Corporation’s commercial
 loans that
 were modified as TDRs was $1.9 billion. At
 December 31, 2022, the Corporation had commitments to lend
 $358 million to commercial borrowers whose loans were
 classified as TDRs. The balance of commercial TDRs in payment
 default was $105 million at December 31, 2022.
 Loans Held-for-sale 
 The Corporation had LHFS of $9.5 billion and $6.0 billion at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. Cash and non-cash proceeds
 from sales and paydowns of loans originally classified as LHFS
 were $32.3 billion, $16.3 billion and $32.0 billion for 2024,
 2023 and 2022. Cash used for originations and purchases of
 LHFS totaled $36.2 billion, $15.6 billion and $24.9 billion for
 2024, 2023 and 2022. Also included were non-cash net
 transfers into LHFS of $0, $632 million and $1.9 billion during
 2024, 2023 and 2022.
 Accrued Interest Receivable 
 Accrued interest receivable for loans and leases and loans held
 for-sale was $4.3 billion and $4.5 billion at December 31, 2024
 and 2023 and is reported in customer and other receivables on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Outstanding credit
 card loan balances include unpaid
 principal, interest and fees. Credit card loans are not classified
 as nonperforming but are charged off no later than the end of
 the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due,
 within 60 days after
 receipt
 of
 notification of
 death or
 bankruptcy, or upon confirmation of fraud. During 2024, the
 Corporation reversed $856 million of interest and fee income
 against the income statement line item in which it was originally
 recorded upon charge-off of the principal balance of the loan
 compared to $584 million in 2023.
 For the outstanding residential mortgage, home equity, 
 direct/indirect consumer and commercial loan balances 
 classified as nonperforming during 2024 and 2023, interest and 
 fee income reversed at the time the loans were classified as 
 nonperforming was not significant. For more information on the 
 Corporation's nonperforming loan policies, see Note 1 – 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The allowance for credit losses is estimated using quantitative 
 and qualitative methods that consider a variety of factors, such 
 as historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the 
 portfolio and an economic outlook over the life of the loan. 
 Qualitative reserves cover losses that are expected but, in the 
 Corporation's assessment, may not adequately be reflected in 
 the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions. The 
 Corporation incorporates forward-looking information through the 
 use of several macroeconomic scenarios in determining the 
 weighted economic outlook over the forecasted life of the 
 assets. These scenarios include key macroeconomic variables 
 such as gross domestic product, unemployment rate, real 
 estate prices and corporate bond spreads. The scenarios that 
 are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each 
 scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent 
 economic events, leading economic indicators, internal and 
 third-party economist views, and industry trends. For more 
 information on the Corporation's credit loss accounting policies 
 including the allowance for credit losses, see Note 1 – Summary 
 of Significant Accounting Principles. 
 The December 31, 2024 estimate for allowance for credit
 losses was based on various economic scenarios, including a
 baseline scenario derived from
 consensus estimates,
 an
 adverse scenario reflecting an extended moderate recession, a
 downside scenario reflecting continued inflation and interest
 rates with minimal rate cuts, a tail risk scenario similar to the
 severely adverse scenario used in stress testing and an upside
 scenario that considers the potential for improvement above the
 baseline scenario. The overall weighted economic outlook of the
 above scenarios has improved compared to the weighted
 economic outlook estimated as of December 31, 2023. The
 weighted economic outlook assumes that the U.S. average
 unemployment rate will be just below five percent in the fourth
 quarter of 2025 and will remain near this level through the
 fourth quarter
 of
 2026.
 The weighted economic
 outlook
 assumes steady growth with U.S. real gross domestic product
 forecasted to grow at 1.4 percent and 1.8 percent year-over-year
 in the fourth quarters of 2025 and 2026.
 The allowance for credit losses decreased $215 million from
 December 31, 2023 to $14.3 billion at December 31, 2024.
 The change in the allowance for credit losses was comprised of
 a net decrease of $102 million in the allowance for loan and
 lease losses and a decrease of $113 million in the reserve for
 unfunded lending commitments. The decline in the allowance for
 credit losses was attributed to decreases in the commercial
 portfolio of $240 million and the consumer real estate portfolio
 of $118 million, partially offset by an increase in the credit card
 and other consumer portfolios of $143 million. The provision for
 credit losses increased $1.4 billion to $5.8 billion in 2024
 compared to $4.4 billion in 2023 and $2.5 billion in 2022. The
 increase in provision for credit losses in 2024 was primarily
 driven by credit card as well as small business loan growth, and
 asset quality deterioration in the commercial real estate office
 and credit card portfolios. The increase in provision for credit
 losses in 2023 was driven by the Corporation’s consumer
 portfolio primarily due to credit card loan growth and asset
 quality deterioration, partially offset by improved macroeconomic
 conditions that primarily benefited the Corporation’s commercial
 portfolio.
 Outstanding loans and leases excluding loans accounted for
 under the fair value option increased $41.4 billion in 2024
 primarily driven by commercial, which increased $36.4 billion
 due to broad-based growth.
 The changes in the allowance for credit losses, including net 
 charge-offs and provision for loan and lease losses, are detailed 
 in the following table. 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Consumer 
 Real Estate 
 Credit Card and 
 Other Consumer 
 Commercial 
 Total 
 2024 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 
 $ 
 386 
 $ 
 8,134 
 $ 
 4,822 
 $ 
 13,342 
 Loans and leases charged off 
 (42) 
 (5,077) 
 (1,935) 
 (7,054) 
 Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 
 83 
 798 
 142 
 1,023 
 Net charge-offs 
 41 
 (4,279) 
 (1,793) 
 (6,031) 
 Provision for loan and lease losses 
 (135) 
 4,421 
 1,649 
 5,935 
 Other 
 1 
 1 
 (8) 
 (6) 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 
 293 
 8,277 
 4,670 
 13,240 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 
 82 
 —
 1,127 
 1,209 
 Provision for unfunded lending commitments 
 (26) 
 —
 (88) 
 (114) 
 Other 
 1 
 —
 —
 1 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 
 57 
 —
 1,039 
 1,096 
 Allowance for credit losses, December 31 
 $ 
 350 
 $ 
 8,277 
 $ 
 5,709 
 $ 
 14,336 
 2023 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 
 $ 
 420 
 $ 
 6,817 
 $ 
 5,445 
 $ 
 12,682 
 January 1, 2023 adoption of credit loss standard 
 (67) 
 (109) 
 (67) 
 (243) 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 
 353 
 6,708 
 5,378 
 12,439 
 Loans and leases charged off 
 (103) 
 (3,870) 
 (844) 
 (4,817) 
 Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 
 146 
 737 
 135 
 1,018 
 Net charge-offs 
 43 
 (3,133) 
 (709) 
 (3,799) 
 Provision for loan and lease losses 
 (19) 
 4,558 
 186 
 4,725 
 Other 
 9 
 1 
 (33) 
 (23) 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 
 386 
 8,134 
 4,822 
 13,342 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 
 94 
 —
 1,446 
 1,540 
 Provision for unfunded lending commitments 
 (12) 
 —
 (319) 
 (331) 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 
 82 
 —
 1,127 
 1,209 
 Allowance for credit losses, December 31 
 $ 
 468 
 $ 
 8,134 
 $ 
 5,949 
 $ 
 14,551 
 2022 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 
 $ 
 557 
 $ 
 6,476 
 $ 
 5,354 
 $ 
 12,387 
 Loans and leases charged off 
 (206) 
 (2,755) 
 (478) 
 (3,439) 
 Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 
 224 
 882 
 161 
 1,267 
 Net charge-offs 
 18 
 (1,873) 
 (317) 
 (2,172) 
 Provision for loan and lease losses 
 (164) 
 2,215 
 409 
 2,460 
 Other 
 9 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 7 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 
 420 
 6,817 
 5,445 
 12,682 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 
 96 
 —
 1,360 
 1,456 
 Provision for unfunded lending commitments 
 (3) 
 —
 86 
 83 
 Other 
 1 
 —
 —
 1 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 
 94 
 —
 1,446 
 1,540 
 Allowance for credit losses, December 31 
 $ 
 514 
 $ 
 6,817 
 $ 
 6,891 
 $ 
 14,222 
 NOTE 6 Securitizations and Other Variable 
 Interest Entities 
 The Corporation utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business
 to support its own and its customers’ financing and investing
 needs. The Corporation routinely securitizes loans and debt
 securities using VIEs as a source of funding for the Corporation
 and as a means of transferring the economic risk of the loans or
 debt securities to third parties. The assets are transferred into a
 trust or other securitization vehicle such that the assets are
 legally isolated from the creditors of the Corporation and are not
 available to satisfy its obligations. These assets can only be
 used to settle obligations of the trust or other securitization
 vehicle. The Corporation also administers, structures or invests
 in other VIEs including CDOs, investment vehicles and other
 entities. For more information on the Corporation’s use of VIEs,
 see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.
 The tables in this Note present the assets and liabilities of 
 consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2024 
 and 2023 in situations where the Corporation has a loan or 
 security interest and involvement with transferred assets or if 
 the Corporation otherwise has an additional interest in the VIE. 
 The tables also present the Corporation’s maximum loss 
 exposure at December 31, 2024 and 2023 resulting from its 
 involvement with consolidated VIEs and unconsolidated VIEs. 
 The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure is based on the 
 unlikely event that all of the assets in the VIEs become 
 worthless and incorporates not only potential losses associated 
 with assets recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but 
 also potential losses associated with off-balance sheet 
 commitments, such as unfunded liquidity commitments and 
 other contractual arrangements. The Corporation’s maximum 
 loss exposure does not include losses previously recognized 
 through write-downs of assets. 
 The Corporation invests in ABS, CLOs and other similar
 investments issued by third-party VIEs with which it has no other
 form of involvement other than a loan or debt security issued by
 the VIE. In addition, the Corporation also enters into certain
 commercial lending arrangements that may utilize VIEs for
 activities secondary to the lending arrangement, for example to
 hold collateral. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to
 these VIEs is the investment balances. These securities and
 loans are included in Note 4 – Securities or Note 5 – Outstanding
 Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses and are not
 included in the following tables.
 The Corporation did not provide financial support to 
 consolidated or unconsolidated VIEs during 2024, 2023 and 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
170
 171
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2022 that it was not previously contractually required to provide, 
 nor does it intend to do so. 
 The Corporation had liquidity commitments, including written 
 put options and collateral value guarantees, with certain 
 unconsolidated VIEs of $1.0 billion and $989 million at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 First-lien Mortgage Securitizations 
 As part of its mortgage banking activities, the Corporation 
 securitizes a portion of the first-lien residential mortgage loans 
 it originates or purchases from third parties, generally in the 
 form of residential mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by 
 government-sponsored 
 enterprises, 
 FNMA 
 and 
 FHLMC 
 (collectively the GSEs), or the Government National Mortgage 
 Association (GNMA) primarily in the case of FHA-insured and 
 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)-guaranteed mortgage 
 loans. Securitization usually occurs in conjunction with or shortly 
 after origination or purchase, and the Corporation may also 
 securitize loans held in its residential mortgage portfolio. In 
 addition, the Corporation may, from time to time, securitize 
 commercial mortgages it originates or purchases from other 
 entities. The Corporation typically services the loans it 
 securitizes. Further, the Corporation may retain beneficial 
 interests in the securitization trusts including senior and 
 subordinate securities and equity tranches issued by the trusts. 
 Except as described in Note 12 – Commitments and 
 Contingencies, the Corporation does not provide guarantees or 
 recourse to the securitization trusts other than standard 
 representations and warranties. 
 The table below summarizes select information related to 
 first-lien mortgage securitizations for 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 First-lien Mortgage Securitizations 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Residential Mortgage - Agency 
 Commercial Mortgage 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Proceeds from loan sales (1) 
 $ 
 4,459 
 $ 
 4,513 
 $ 
 8,084 
 $ 
 13,392 
 $ 
 2,132 
 $ 
 5,853 
 Gains (losses) on securitizations (2) 
 (6) 
 (15) 
 8 
 164 
 44 
 46 
 Repurchases from securitization trusts (3) 
 36 
 33 
 53 
 —
 —
 —
 (1) The Corporation transfers residential mortgage loans to securitizations sponsored primarily by the GSEs or GNMA in the normal course of business and primarily receives residential mortgage
 backed securities in exchange. Substantially all of these securities are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and are typically sold shortly after receipt.
 (2) A majority of the first-lien residential mortgage loans securitized are initially classified as LHFS and accounted for under the fair value option. Gains recognized on these LHFS prior to
 securitization, which totaled $33 million, $49 million and $41 million, net of hedges, during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, are not included in the table above.
 (3) The Corporation may have the option to repurchase delinquent loans out of securitization trusts, which reduces the amount of servicing advances it is required to make. The Corporation may also
 repurchase loans from securitization trusts to perform modifications. Repurchased loans include FHA-insured mortgages collateralizing GNMA securities.
 The Corporation recognizes consumer MSRs from the sale or
 securitization of
 consumer
 real estate loans.
 The unpaid
 principal balance of loans serviced for investors, including
 residential mortgage and home equity loans, totaled $84.1
 billion and $92.7 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Servicing fee and ancillary fee income on serviced loans was
 $231 million, $248 million and $274 million during 2024, 2023
 and 2022, respectively. Servicing advances on serviced loans,
 including loans serviced for
 others and loans held for
 investment, were $1.0 billion and $1.3 billion at December 31,
 2024 and 2023. For more information on MSRs, see Note 20 –
 Fair Value Measurements.
 Home Equity Loans 
 The Corporation retains interests, primarily senior securities, in
 home equity securitization trusts to which it transferred home
 equity loans. In addition, the Corporation may be obligated to
 provide subordinate funding to the trusts during a rapid
 amortization event. This obligation is included in the maximum
 loss exposure in the preceding table. The charges that will
 ultimately be recorded as a result of the rapid amortization
 events depend on the undrawn portion of the home equity lines
 of credit, performance of the loans, the amount of subsequent
 draws and the timing of related cash flows.
 Mortgage and Home Equity Securitizations 
 During 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Corporation deconsolidated 
 agency residential mortgage securitization trusts with total 
 assets of $1.1 billion, $685 million and $784 million. 
 The following table summarizes select information related to
 mortgage and home equity securitization trusts in which the
 Corporation held a variable interest
 and had continuing
 involvement at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Mortgage and Home Equity Securitizations 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Residential Mortgage 
 Commercial Mortgage 
Agency 
 Non-agency 
 Prime and Alt-A 
 Subprime 
 Home Equity (1) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 Maximum loss exposure (2) 
 $ 
 7,353 $ 
 8,190 
 $ 
 84 $ 
 92 
 $ 
 301 $ 
 657 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 1,640 $ 
 1,558 
 On-balance sheet assets 
 Senior securities: 
 Trading account assets 
 $ 
 126 $ 
 235 
 $ 
 10 $ 
 13 
 $ 
 12 $ 
 20 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 328 $ 
 70 
 Debt securities carried at fair value 
 2,222 
 2,541 
 —
 —
 416 
 341 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Held-to-maturity securities 
 5,005 
 5,414 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1,172 
 1,287 
 All other assets 
 —
 —
 3 
 4 
 23 
 23 
 —
 —
 41 
 79 
 Total retained positions 
 $ 
 7,353 $ 
 8,190 
 $ 
 13 $ 
 17 
 $ 
 451 $ 
 384 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 1,541 $ 
 1,436 
 Principal balance outstanding (3) 
 $ 
 69,018 $ 
 76,134 
 $ 
 12,590 $ 
 13,963 
 $ 
 4,180 $ 
 4,508 
 $ 
 187 $ 
 252 
 $ 
 90,222 $ 
 80,078 
 Consolidated VIEs 
 Maximum loss exposure (2) 
 $ 
 1,132 $ 
 1,164 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 10 $ 
 12 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 On-balance sheet assets 
 Trading account assets 
 $ 
 1,132 $ 
 1,171 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 Loans and leases 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 22 
 31 
 —
 —
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 6 
 7 
 —
 —
 All other assets 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1 
 1 
 —
 —
 Total assets 
 $ 
 1,132 $ 
 1,171 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 29 $ 
 39 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 Total liabilities 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 7 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 19 $ 
 27 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 (1) For unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure includes outstanding trust certificates issued by trusts in rapid amortization, net of recorded reserves. For both
 consolidated and unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees. For more
 information, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies.
 (2) Maximum loss exposure includes obligations under loss-sharing reinsurance and other arrangements for non-agency residential mortgage and commercial mortgage securitizations, but excludes
 the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees and also excludes servicing advances and other servicing rights and obligations. For more information, see
 Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.
 (3) Principal balance outstanding includes loans where the Corporation was the transferor to securitization VIEs with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loans. 
 Other Asset-backed Securitizations 
 The following paragraphs summarize select information related 
 to other asset-backed VIEs in which the Corporation had a 
 variable interest at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Credit Card and Automobile Loan Securitizations 
 The Corporation securitizes originated and purchased credit card 
 and automobile loans as a source of financing. The loans are 
 sold on a non-recourse basis to consolidated trusts. The 
 securitizations are ongoing, whereas additional receivables will 
 be funded into the trusts by either loan repayments or proceeds 
 from securities issued to third parties, depending on the 
 securitization 
 structure. 
 The 
 Corporation’s 
 continuing 
 involvement with the securitization trusts includes servicing the 
 receivables 
 and 
 holding 
 various 
 subordinated 
 interests, 
 including an undivided seller’s interest in the credit card 
 receivables and owning certain retained interests. 
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying values of the
 receivables in the trusts totaled $18.1 billion and $16.6 billion,
 which are included in loans and leases, and the carrying values
 of
 senior
 debt
 securities that
 were issued to third-party
 investors from the trusts totaled $8.0 billion and $7.8 billion,
 which are included in long-term debt.
 Resecuritization Trusts 
 The Corporation transfers securities, typically MBS, into 
 resecuritization VIEs generally at the request of customers 
 seeking securities with specific characteristics. Generally, there 
 are 
 no 
 significant 
 ongoing 
 activities 
 performed 
 in 
 a 
 resecuritization trust, and no single investor has the unilateral 
 ability to liquidate the trust. 
 The Corporation resecuritized $23.9 billion, $8.6 billion, and
 $21.8 billion of securities during 2024, 2023 and 2022,
 respectively. Securities transferred into resecuritization VIEs
 were measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded
 in market
 making and similar
 activities prior
 to the
 resecuritization and, accordingly, no gain or loss on sale was
 recorded. Securities received from the resecuritization VIEs were
 recognized at their fair value of $3.6 billion, $2.4 billion and
 $2.4 billion during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In
 2024, 2023 and 2022, substantially all of the securities were
 classified as trading account assets. Substantially all of the
 trading account securities carried at fair value were categorized
 as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.
 Customer VIEs 
 Customer 
 VIEs 
 include 
 credit-linked, 
 equity-linked 
 and 
 commodity-linked note VIEs, repackaging VIEs and asset 
 acquisition VIEs, which are typically created on behalf of 
 customers who wish to obtain market or credit exposure to a 
 specific company, index, commodity or financial instrument. 
 The Corporation’s involvement in the VIE is limited to its loss
 exposure.
 The Corporation’s maximum
 loss exposure to
 consolidated and unconsolidated customer VIEs totaled $1.1
 billion and $952 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023,
 including the notional amount of derivatives to which the
 Corporation is a counterparty, net of losses previously recorded,
 and the Corporation’s investment, if any, in securities issued by
 the VIEs.
 Municipal Bond Trusts 
 The Corporation administers municipal bond trusts that hold 
 highly-rated, long-term, fixed-rate municipal bonds. The trusts 
 obtain financing by issuing floating-rate trust certificates that 
 reprice on a weekly or other short-term basis to third-party 
 investors. 
 The Corporation’s liquidity commitments to unconsolidated 
 municipal bond trusts, including those for which the Corporation 
 was transferor, totaled $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. The weighted-average remaining 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
172
 173
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 life of bonds held in the trusts at December 31, 2024 was 11.1 
 years. There were no significant write-downs or downgrades of 
 assets or issuers during 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 Collateralized Debt Obligation VIEs 
 The Corporation receives fees for structuring CDO VIEs, which 
 hold diversified pools of fixed-income securities, typically 
 corporate debt or ABS, which the CDO VIEs fund by issuing 
 multiple tranches of debt and equity securities. CDOs are 
 generally managed by third-party portfolio managers. The 
 Corporation typically transfers assets to these CDOs, holds 
 securities issued by the CDOs and may be a derivative 
 counterparty to the CDOs. The Corporation’s maximum loss 
 exposure to consolidated and unconsolidated CDOs totaled $65 
 million and $80 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Investment VIEs 
 The Corporation sponsors, invests in or provides financing, 
 which may be in connection with the sale of assets, to a variety 
 of investment VIEs that hold loans, real estate, debt securities 
 or other financial instruments and are designed to provide the 
 desired investment profile to investors or the Corporation. At 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s consolidated 
 investment VIEs had total assets of $6 million and $472 
 million. 
 The 
 Corporation 
 also 
 held 
 investments 
 in 
 unconsolidated VIEs with total assets of $23.0 billion and 
 $18.4 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The 
 Corporation’s maximum loss exposure associated with both 
 consolidated and unconsolidated investment VIEs totaled $2.5 
 billion and $2.6 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023 
 comprised primarily of on-balance sheet assets less non 
 recourse liabilities. 
 Leveraged Lease Trusts 
 The Corporation’s net investment in consolidated leveraged 
 lease trusts totaled $1.0 billion and $1.1 billion at December 
 31, 2024 and 2023. The trusts hold long-lived equipment such 
 as rail cars, power generation and distribution equipment, and 
 commercial aircraft. The Corporation structures the trusts and 
 holds a significant residual interest. The net investment 
 represents the Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to the 
 trusts in the unlikely event that the leveraged lease investments 
 become worthless. Debt issued by the leveraged lease trusts is 
 non-recourse to the Corporation. 
 The table below summarizes the maximum loss exposure 
 and assets held by the Corporation that related to other asset 
 backed VIEs at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Other Asset-backed VIEs 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Credit Card and 
 Automobile (1) 
 Resecuritization Trusts and 
 Customer VIEs 
 Municipal Bond Trusts 
 and CDOs 
 Investment VIEs and 
 Leveraged Lease Trusts 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 Maximum loss exposure 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 5,300 $ 
 4,494 
 $ 
 1,839 $ 
 1,787 
 $ 
 2,454 $ 
 2,197 
 On-balance sheet assets 
 Securities (2) :
 Trading account assets 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 1,641 $ 
 626 
 $ 
 16 $ 
 23 
 $ 
 354 $ 
 469 
 Debt securities carried at fair value 
 —
 —
 809 
 920 
 —
 —
 —
 4 
 Held-to-maturity securities 
 —
 —
 1,983 
 2,237 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Loans and leases 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 70 
 90 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (2) 
 (12) 
 All other assets 
 —
 —
 868 
 711 
 6 
 7 
 1,522 
 1,168 
 Total retained positions 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 5,301 $ 
 4,494 
 $ 
 22 $ 
 30 
 $ 
 1,944 $ 
 1,719 
 Total assets of VIEs 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 24,216 $ 
 15,862 
 $ 
 6,474 $ 
 9,279 
 $ 
 22,965 $ 
 18,398 
 Consolidated VIEs 
 Maximum loss exposure 
 $ 
 9,385 $ 
 8,127 
 $ 
 583 $ 
 1,240 
 $ 
 3,519 $ 
 3,136 
 $ 
 1,012 $ 
 1,596 
 On-balance sheet assets 
 Trading account assets 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 1,002 $ 
 1,798 
 $ 
 3,436 $ 
 3,084 
 $ 
 5 $ 
 1 
 Debt securities carried at fair value 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 83 
 52 
 —
 —
 Loans and leases 
 18,110 
 16,640 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1,012 
 1,605 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 (924) 
 (832) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (1) 
 (1) 
 All other assets 
 195 
 163 
 39 
 38 
 —
 —
 1 
 15 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 17,381 $ 
 15,971 
 $ 
 1,041 $ 
 1,836 
 $ 
 3,519 $ 
 3,136 
 $ 
 1,017 $ 
 1,620 
 On-balance sheet liabilities 
 Short-term borrowings 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 $ 
 3,329 $ 
 2,934 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 23 
 Long-term debt 
 7,975 
 7,825 
 458 
 596 
 —
 —
 5 
 1 
 All other liabilities 
 21 
 19 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Total liabilities 
 $ 
 7,996 $ 
 7,844 
 $ 
 458 $ 
 596 
 $ 
 3,329 $ 
 2,934 
 $ 
 5 $ 
 24 
 (1) At December 31, 2024 and 2023 loans and leases in the consolidated credit card trust included $4.5 billion and $3.2 billion of seller’s interest. 
 (2) The retained senior securities were valued using quoted market prices or observable market inputs (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy). 
 Tax Credit VIEs 
 The Corporation holds equity investments in unconsolidated
 limited partnerships and similar entities that construct, own and
 operate affordable housing, renewable energy and certain other
 projects. The total assets of these unconsolidated tax credit
 VIEs were $85.7 billion and $84.1 billion as of December 31,
 2024 and 2023. An unrelated third party is typically the general
 partner
 or
 managing member
 and has control over
 the
 significant activities of the VIE. As an investor, tax credits
 associated with the investments in these entities are allocated
 to the Corporation, as provided by the U.S. Internal Revenue
 Code and related regulations, and are recognized as income tax
 benefits in the Corporation’s Consolidated Statement of Income
 in the year they are earned, which varies based on the type of
 investments. Tax credits from investments in affordable housing
 are recognized ratably over a term of up to 10 years, and tax
 credits from renewable energy investments are recognized either
 at inception for transactions electing Investment Tax Credits
 (ITCs) or as energy is produced for transactions electing
 Production Tax Credits (PTCs), which is generally up to a 10-year
 time period. The volume and types of investments held by the
 Corporation will influence the amount of tax credits recognized
 each period.
 The Corporation’s equity investments in affordable housing
 and other projects totaled $16.7 billion and $15.8 billion at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023, which included unfunded capital
 contributions of $7.5 billion and $7.2 billion that are probable
 to be paid over the next five years. The Corporation may be
 asked to invest additional amounts to support a troubled
 affordable housing project. Such additional investments have
 not been and are not expected to be significant. During 2024,
 2023 and 2022, the Corporation recognized tax credits and
 other
 tax
 benefits
 related to affordable housing equity
 investments of $2.2 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.5 billion, and
 reported pretax losses in other income of $1.6 billion, $1.5
 billion and $1.2 billion. The Corporation’s equity investments in
 renewable energy totaled $13.0 billion and $14.2 billion at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. In addition, the Corporation had
 unfunded 
 capital 
 contributions 
 for
 renewable 
 energy
 investments of $4.6 billion and $6.2 billion at December 31,
 2024 and 2023, which are contingent on various conditions
 precedent to funding over the next two years. The Corporation’s
 risk of loss is generally mitigated by policies requiring the
 project to qualify for the expected tax credits prior to making its
 investment. During 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Corporation
 recognized tax
 credits and other
 tax
 benefits related to
 renewable energy equity investments of $3.9 billion, $4.0 billion
 and $2.9 billion and reported pretax losses in other income of
 $3.0 billion, $3.1 billion and $2.1 billion. The Corporation may
 also enter into power purchase agreements with renewable
 energy tax credit entities.
 The table below summarizes select information related to 
 unconsolidated tax credit VIEs in which the Corporation held a 
 variable interest at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Unconsolidated Tax Credit VIEs 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Maximum loss exposure 
 $ 
 29,727 
 $ 
 30,040 
 On-balance sheet assets 
 All other assets 
 29,727 
 30,040 
 Total 
 $ 
 29,727 
 $ 
 30,040 
 On-balance sheet liabilities 
 All other liabilities 
 7,599 
 7,254 
 Total 
 $ 
 7,599 
 $ 
 7,254 
 Total assets of VIEs 
 $ 
 85,654 
 $ 
 84,148 
 NOTE 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill 
 The table below presents goodwill balances by business 
 segment at December 31, 2024 and 2023. The reporting units 
 utilized for goodwill impairment testing are the operating 
 segments or one level below. 
 Goodwill 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Consumer Banking 
 $ 
 30,137 
 $ 
 30,137 
 Global Wealth & Investment Management 
 9,677 
 9,677 
 Global Banking 
 24,026 
 24,026 
 Global Markets 
 5,181 
 5,181 
 Total goodwill 
 $ 
 69,021 
 $ 
 69,021 
 During 2024, the Corporation completed its annual goodwill 
 impairment test as of June 30, 2024 using a qualitative 
 assessment for all applicable reporting units. Based on the 
 assessment, the Corporation has concluded that none of its 
 reporting units are at risk of impairment, as each of the 
 reporting units’ fair values are substantially in excess of their 
 carrying values. For more information regarding the nature of 
 and accounting for the Corporation’s annual goodwill impairment 
 testing, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting 
 Principles. 
 Intangible Assets 
 At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the net carrying value of
 intangible assets was $2.0 billion. At both December 31, 2024
 and 2023, intangible assets included $1.6 billion of intangible
 assets associated with trade names, substantially all of which
 had an indefinite life and, accordingly, are not being amortized.
 Amortization of intangibles expense was $78 million for 2024,
 2023 and 2022.
 NOTE 8 Leases 
 The 
 Corporation 
 enters 
 into 
 both 
 lessor
 and 
 lessee
 arrangements. For more information on lease accounting, see
 Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and on
 lease financing receivables, see Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and
 Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses.
 Lessor Arrangements 
 The Corporation’s lessor arrangements primarily consist of
 operating, sales-type and direct financing leases for equipment.
 Lease agreements may include options to renew and for the
 lessee to purchase the leased equipment at the end of the
 lease term.
 The table below presents the net investment in sales-type 
 and direct financing leases at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Net Investment (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Decem ber 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Lease receivables 
 $ 
 18,559 
 $ 
 16,565 
 Unguaranteed residuals 
 2,543 
 2,485 
 Total net investment in sales-type and direct 
 financing leases 
 $ 
 21,102 
 $ 
 19,050 
 (1) In certain cases, the Corporation obtains third-party residual value insurance to reduce its
 residual asset risk. The carrying value of residual assets with third-party residual value
 insurance for at least a portion of the asset value was $8.0 billion and $6.8 billion at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 The table below presents lease income for 2024, 2023 and 
 2022. 
 Lease Income 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Sales-type and direct financing leases 
 $ 
 1,082 $ 
 788 $ 
 589 
 Operating leases 
 931 
 945 
 941 
 Total lease income 
 $ 
 2,013 $ 
 1,733 $ 
 1,530 
 Lessee Arrangements 
 The Corporation's lessee arrangements predominantly consist 
 of operating leases for premises and equipment; the 
 Corporation's financing leases are not significant. 
 Lease terms may contain renewal and extension options and 
 early termination features. Generally, these options do not 
 impact the lease term because the Corporation is not 
 reasonably certain that it will exercise the options. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
174
 175
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The table below provides information on the right-of-use 
 assets, lease liabilities and weighted-average discount rates 
 and lease terms at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Supplemental Information for Lessee Arrangements 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Right-of-use assets 
 $ 
 8,527 
 $ 
 9,150 
 Lease liabilities 
 9,135 
 9,782 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 used to calculate present 
 value of future minimum lease 
 payments 
 3.93 % 
 3.51 % 
 Weighted-average lease term 
 (in years) 
 8.0 
 8.2 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in 
 exchange for new operating 
 lease liabilities (1) 
 $ 
 603 
 $ 
 430 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Operating cash flows from 
 operating leases (2) 
 $ 
 1,972 
 $ 
 1,975 
 $ 
 1,986 
 Lease Cost and Supplemental 
 Information: 
 Operating lease cost 
 $ 
 1,971 
 $ 
 1,981 
 $ 
 2,008 
 Variable lease cost (3) 
 471 
 460 
 464 
 Total lease cost (4) 
 $ 
 2,442 
 $ 
 2,441 
 $ 
 2,472 
 (1) Represents non-cash activity and, accordingly, is not reflected in the Consolidated Statement 
 of Cash Flows. 
 (2) Represents cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease liabilities. 
 (3) Primarily consists of payments for common area maintenance and property taxes. 
 (4) Amounts are recorded in occupancy and equipment expense in the Consolidated Statement 
 of Income. 
 Maturity Analysis 
 The maturities of lessor and lessee arrangements outstanding 
 at December 31, 2024 are presented in the table below based 
 on undiscounted cash flows. 
 Maturities of Lessor and Lessee Arrangements 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Lessor 
 Lessee (1) 
 Operating 
 Leases 
 Sales-type and 
 Direct Financing 
 Leases (2) 
 Operating 
 Leases 
 December 31, 2024 
 2025 
 $ 
 586 
 $ 
 5,183 
 $ 
 1,770 
 2026 
 491 
 5,645 
 1,596 
 2027 
 416 
 4,760 
 1,409 
 2028 
 333 
 1,967 
 1,142 
 2029 
 230 
 1,398 
 832 
 Thereafter 
 335 
 1,967 
 3,500 
 Total undiscounted 
 cash flows 
 $ 
 2,391 
 20,920 
 10,249 
 Less: Net present 
 value adjustment 
 2,361 
 1,114 
 Total (3) 
 $ 
 18,559 
 $ 
 9,135 
 (1) Excludes $845 million in commitments under lessee arrangements that have not yet 
 commenced with lease terms that will begin in 2025. 
 (2) Includes $12.2 billion in commercial lease financing receivables and $6.4 billion in direct/ 
 indirect consumer lease financing receivables. 
 (3) Represents lease receivables for lessor arrangements and lease liabilities for lessee 
 arrangements. 
 NOTE 9 Deposits 
 The scheduled contractual maturities for total time deposits at December 31, 2024 are presented in the table below. 
 Contractual Maturities of Total Time Deposits 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 U.S. 
 Non-U.S. 
 Total 
 Due in 2025 
 $ 
 187,249 
 $ 
 9,891 
 $ 
 197,140 
 Due in 2026 
 11,464 
 47 
 11,511 
 Due in 2027 
 275 
 8 
 283 
 Due in 2028 
 93 
 28 
 121 
 Due in 2029 
 80 
 3,100 
 3,180 
 Thereafter 
 123 
 8 
 131 
 Total time deposits 
 $ 
 199,284 
 $ 
 13,082 
 $ 
 212,366 
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had aggregate U.S. time deposits of $138.1 billion and $105.0 billion and
 non-U.S. time deposits of $13.0 billion and $12.6 billion in denominations that met or exceeded insurance limits.
 NOTE 10 Securities Financing Agreements, 
 Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted 
 Cash 
 The Corporation enters into securities financing agreements 
 which include securities borrowed or purchased under 
 agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under 
 agreements to repurchase. These financing agreements (also 
 referred 
 to 
 as 
 “matched-book 
 transactions”) 
 are 
 to 
 accommodate customers, obtain securities to cover short 
 positions and finance inventory positions. The Corporation 
 elects to account for certain securities financing agreements 
 under the fair value option. For more information on the fair 
 value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option. 
 Offsetting of Securities Financing Agreements 
 Substantially all of the Corporation’s securities financing 
 activities are transacted under legally enforceable master 
 repurchase agreements or legally enforceable master securities 
 lending agreements that give the Corporation, in the event of 
 default by the counterparty, the right to liquidate securities held 
 and to offset receivables and payables with the same 
 counterparty. The Corporation offsets securities financing 
 transactions with the same counterparty on the Consolidated 
 Balance Sheet where it has such a legally enforceable master 
 netting agreement and the transactions have the same maturity 
 date. 
 The Securities 
 Financing Agreements 
 table 
 presents 
 securities financing agreements included on the Consolidated 
 Balance Sheet in federal funds sold and securities borrowed or 
 purchased under agreements to resell, and in federal funds 
 purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to 
 repurchase at December 31, 2024 and 2023. Balances are 
 presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of 
 counterparty netting. Gross assets and liabilities are adjusted 
 on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of 
 legally enforceable master netting agreements. For more 
 information on the offsetting of derivatives, see Note 3 – 
 Derivatives. 
 Securities Financing Agreements 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Gross Assets/ 
 Liabilities (1) 
 Amounts Offset 
 Net Balance 
 Sheet Amount 
 Financial 
 Instruments (2) 
 Net Assets/ 
 Liabilities 
 December 31, 2024 
 Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell (3) 
 $ 
 758,071 
 $ 
 (483,362) $ 
 274,709 
 $ 
 (250,040) $ 
 24,669 
 Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 
 $ 
 815,120 
 $ 
 (483,362) $ 
 331,758 
 $ 
 (317,974) $ 
 13,784 
 Other (4) 
 10,531 
 —
 10,531 
 (10,531) 
 —
 Total 
 $ 
 825,651 
 $ 
 (483,362) $ 
 342,289 
 $ 
 (328,505) $ 
 13,784 
 December 31, 2023 
 Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell (3) 
 $ 
 703,641 
 $ 
 (423,017) $ 
 280,624 
 $ 
 (257,541) $ 
 23,083 
 Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 
 $ 
 706,904 
 $ 
 (423,017) $ 
 283,887 
 $ 
 (272,285) $ 
 11,602 
 Other (4) 
 10,066 
 —
 10,066 
 (10,066) 
 —
 Total 
 $ 
 716,970 
 $ 
 (423,017) $ 
 293,953 
 $ 
 (282,351) $ 
 11,602 
 (1) Includes activity where uncertainty exists as to the enforceability of certain master netting agreements under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries. 
 (2) Includes securities collateral received or pledged under repurchase or securities lending agreements where there is a legally enforceable master netting agreement. These amounts are not offset
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, but are shown as a reduction to derive a net asset or liability. Securities collateral received or pledged where the legal enforceability of the master netting
 agreements is uncertain is excluded from the table.
 (3) Excludes repurchase activity of $12.3 billion and $8.7 billion reported in loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (4) Balance is reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and relates to transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending
 agreement and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral or sold. In these transactions, the Corporation recognizes an asset at fair value, representing the securities received, and a
 liability, representing the obligation to return those securities.
 Repurchase Agreements and Securities Loaned 
 Transactions Accounted for as Secured Borrowings 
 The following tables present securities sold under agreements
 to repurchase and securities loaned by remaining contractual
 term to maturity and class of collateral pledged. Included in
 “Other” are transactions where the Corporation acts as the
 lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities
 that can be pledged as collateral or sold. Certain agreements
 contain a right to substitute collateral and/or terminate the
 agreement prior to maturity at the option of the Corporation or
 the counterparty. Such agreements are included in the table
 below based on the remaining contractual term to maturity.
 Remaining Contractual Maturity 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Overnight and 
 Continuous 
 30 Days or Less 
 After 30 Days 
 Through 90 Days 
 Greater than 
 90 Days (1) 
 Total 
 December 31, 2024 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 $ 
 305,577 
 $ 
 252,526 
 $ 
 87,978 
 $ 
 70,148 
 $ 
 716,229 
 Securities loaned 
 88,256 
 364 
 842 
 9,429 
 98,891 
 Other 
 10,531 
 —
 —
 —
 10,531 
 Total 
 $ 
 404,364 
 $ 
 252,890 
 $ 
 88,820 
 $ 
 79,577 
 $ 
 825,651 
 December 31, 2023 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 $ 
 234,974 
 $ 
 228,627 
 $ 
 85,176 
 $ 
 75,020 
 $ 
 623,797 
 Securities loaned 
 76,580 
 139 
 618 
 5,770 
 83,107 
 Other 
 10,066 
 —
 —
 —
 10,066 
 Total 
 $ 
 321,620 
 $ 
 228,766 
 $ 
 85,794 
 $ 
 80,790 
 $ 
 716,970 
 (1) No agreements have maturities greater than four years. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
176
 177
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Class of Collateral Pledged 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Securities Sold 
 Under Agreements 
 to Repurchase 
 Securities 
 Loaned 
 Other 
 Total 
 December 31, 2024 
 U.S. government and agency securities 
 $ 
 416,241 
 $ 
 130 
 $ 
 10 
 $ 
 416,381 
 Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 29,483 
 1,517 
 3 
 31,003 
 Equity securities 
 30,106 
 97,240 
 10,518 
 137,864 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 232,521 
 4 
 —
 232,525 
 Mortgage trading loans and ABS 
 7,878 
 —
 —
 7,878 
 Total 
 $ 
 716,229 
 $ 
 98,891 
 $ 
 10,531 
 $ 
 825,651 
 December 31, 2023 
 U.S. government and agency securities 
 $ 
 352,950 
 $ 
 34 
 $ 
 38 
 $ 
 353,022 
 Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 23,242 
 1,805 
 661 
 25,708 
 Equity securities 
 11,517 
 81,266 
 9,367 
 102,150 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 231,140 
 2 
 —
 231,142 
 Mortgage trading loans and ABS 
 4,948 
 —
 —
 4,948 
 Total 
 $ 
 623,797 
 $ 
 83,107 
 $ 
 10,066 
 $ 
 716,970 
 Under repurchase agreements, the Corporation is required to 
 post collateral with a market value equal to or in excess of the 
 principal amount borrowed. For securities loaned transactions, 
 the Corporation receives collateral in the form of cash, letters of 
 credit or other securities. To determine whether the market 
 value of the underlying collateral remains sufficient, collateral is 
 generally valued daily, and the Corporation may be required to 
 deposit additional collateral or may receive or return collateral 
 pledged when appropriate. Repurchase agreements and 
 securities loaned transactions are generally either overnight, 
 continuous (i.e., no stated term) or short-term. The Corporation 
 manages liquidity risks related to these agreements by sourcing 
 funding from a diverse group of counterparties, providing a 
 range of securities collateral and pursuing longer durations, 
 when appropriate. 
 Short-term Borrowings 
 The Corporation classifies borrowings with an original maturity of
 less than one year
 as short-term
 borrowings on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2024 and 2023,
 the majority of short-term borrowings consisted of Federal Home
 Loan Bank advances,
 which totaled $12.7 billion
 and
 $13.2 billion, and commercial paper, which totaled $24.2 billion
 and $13.1 billion.
 Collateral 
 The Corporation accepts securities and loans as collateral that
 it is permitted by contract or practice to sell or repledge. At
 December 31, 2024 and 2023, the fair value of this collateral
 was $925.7 billion and $911.3 billion, of which $882.2 billion
 and $870.9 billion were sold or repledged. The primary source
 of this collateral is securities borrowed or purchased under
 agreements to resell.
 The Corporation also pledges company-owned securities and 
 loans as collateral in transactions that include repurchase 
 agreements, securities loaned, public and trust deposits, U.S. 
 Treasury tax and loan notes, and short-term borrowings. This 
 collateral, which in some cases can be sold or repledged by the 
 counterparties to the transactions, is parenthetically disclosed 
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 In certain cases, the Corporation has transferred assets to
 consolidated VIEs where those restricted assets serve as
 collateral for the interests issued by the VIEs. These assets are
 included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Assets of
 Consolidated VIEs.
 In addition, the Corporation obtains collateral in connection 
 with its derivative contracts. Required collateral levels vary 
 depending on the credit risk rating and the type of counterparty. 
 Generally, the Corporation accepts collateral in the form of 
 cash, U.S. Treasury securities and other marketable securities. 
 Based on provisions contained in master netting agreements, 
 the Corporation nets cash collateral received against derivative 
 assets. The Corporation also pledges collateral on its own 
 derivative positions which can be applied against derivative 
 liabilities. For more information on the collateral of derivatives, 
 see Note 3 – Derivatives. 
 Restricted Cash 
 At December 31, 2024
 and 2023, the Corporation held
 restricted cash included within cash and cash equivalents on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheet of $6.1 billion and $5.6 billion,
 predominantly related to cash segregated in compliance with
 securities regulations and cash held on deposit with central
 banks to meet reserve requirements.
 NOTE 11 Long-term Debt 
 Long-term debt consists of borrowings having an original maturity of one year or more. The table below presents the balance of long
 term debt at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related contractual rates and maturity dates as of December 31, 2024.
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Weighted 
 average Rate 
 Interest Rates 
 Maturity Dates 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Notes issued by Bank of America Corporation (1) 
 Senior notes: 
 Fixed 
 3.45 % 
 0.25 - 8.05 % 
 2025 - 2052 
 $ 
 171,603 
 $ 
 194,388 
 Floating 
 4.71 
 0.74 - 9.62 
 2026 - 2074 
 8,736 
 14,007 
 Senior structured notes 
 17,498 
 14,895 
 Subordinated notes: 
 Fixed 
 5.12 
 2.94 - 8.13 
 2025 - 2045 
 23,539 
 20,909 
 Floating 
 3.44 
 2.48 - 5.41 
 2026 - 2037 
 4,549 
 4,597 
 Junior subordinated notes: 
 Fixed 
 6.71 
 6.45 - 8.05 
 2027 - 2066 
 749 
 744 
 Floating 
 5.65 
 5.65 
 2056 
 1 
 1 
 Total notes issued by Bank of America Corporation 
 226,675 
 249,541 
 Notes issued by Bank of America, N.A. 
 Senior notes: 
 Fixed 
 5.55 
 5.27 - 5.82 
 2025 - 2028 
 5,611 
 5,076 
 Floating 
 4.99 
 4.82 - 5.59 
 2025 - 2028 
 5,851 
 3,517 
 Subordinated notes 
 6.00 
 6.00 
 2036 
 1,401 
 1,476 
 Advances from Federal Home Loan Banks: 
 Fixed 
 4.55 
 0.01 - 7.42 
 2025 - 2034 
 1,015 
 5,826 
 Floating 
 4.64 
 4.63 - 4.64 
 2025 
 400 
 —
 Securitizations and other BANA VIEs (2) 
 8,048 
 7,892 
 Other 
 495 
 782 
 Total notes issued by Bank of America, N.A. 
 22,821 
 24,569 
 Other debt 
 Structured liabilities (3) 
 33,374 
 27,471 
 Nonbank VIEs (2) 
 409 
 564 
 Other 
 —
 59 
 Total notes issued by nonbank and other entities 
 33,783 
 28,094 
 Total long-term debt 
 $ 
 283,279 
 $ 
 302,204 
 (1) Includes total loss-absorbing capacity compliant debt. 
 (2) Represents liabilities of consolidated VIEs included in total long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Long-term debt of VIEs is collateralized by the assets of the VIEs. At December 31,
 2024, amount includes debt predominantly from credit card and automobile securitizations of $8.0 billion and other VIEs of $458 million. For more information, see Note 6 – Securitizations and
 Other Variable Interest Entities.
 (3) Includes debt outstanding of $11.7 billion and $10.0 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023 that was issued by BofA Finance LLC, a consolidated finance subsidiary of Bank of America
 Corporation, the parent company, and is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the parent company.
 During 2024, the Corporation issued $54.8 billion of long
 term debt consisting of $17.8 billion of notes issued by Bank of
 America Corporation, $15.6 billion of notes issued by Bank of
 America, N.A. and $21.4 billion of other debt. During 2023, the
 Corporation issued $62.0 billion of long-term debt consisting of
 $24.0 billion of notes issued by Bank of America Corporation,
 $25.1 billion of notes issued by Bank of America, N.A. and
 $12.9 billion of other debt.
 During 2024, the Corporation had total long-term debt
 maturities and redemptions in the aggregate of $66.6 billion
 consisting of $36.4 billion for Bank of America Corporation,
 $16.8 billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $13.4 billion of
 other debt. During 2023, the Corporation had total long-term
 debt maturities and redemptions in the aggregate of $42.7
 billion
 consisting of
 $25.3 billion
 for
 Bank of
 America
 Corporation, $10.5 billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $6.9
 billion of other debt.
 Bank of America Corporation and Bank of America, N.A.
 maintain various U.S. and non-U.S. debt programs to offer both
 senior and subordinated notes. The notes may be denominated
 in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies. At December 31, 2024 and
 2023,
 the amount
 of
 foreign currency-denominated debt
 translated into U.S. dollars included in total long-term debt was
 $43.8 billion and $49.8 billion. Foreign currency contracts may
 be used to convert certain foreign currency-denominated debt
 into U.S. dollars.
 The weighted-average effective interest rates for total long 
 term debt (excluding senior structured notes), total fixed-rate 
 debt and total floating-rate debt were 3.80 percent, 3.71 
 percent and 4.45 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2024, 
 and 3.70 percent, 3.55 percent and 5.21 percent, respectively, 
 at December 31, 2023. The Corporation’s ALM activities 
 maintain an overall interest rate risk management strategy that 
 incorporates the use of interest rate contracts to manage 
 fluctuations in earnings caused by interest rate volatility. The 
 Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that 
 movements in interest rates do not have a significantly adverse 
 effect on earnings and capital. The weighted-average rates are 
 the contractual interest rates on the debt and do not reflect the 
 impacts of derivative transactions. 
 The following table shows the carrying value for aggregate
 annual contractual maturities of
 long-term
 debt
 as of
 December 31, 2024. Included in the table are certain structured
 notes issued by the Corporation that contain provisions whereby
 the borrowings are redeemable at the option of the holder (put
 options) at specified dates prior to maturity. Other structured
 notes have coupon or
 repayment
 terms linked to the
 performance of debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
178
 179
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 commodities, and the maturity may be accelerated based on the
 value of a referenced index or security. In both cases, the
 Corporation
 or
 a subsidiary may be required to settle the
 obligation for cash or other securities prior to the contractual
 maturity date. These borrowings are reflected in the table as
 maturing at their contractual maturity date.
 Long-term Debt by Maturity 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Senior notes 
 $ 
 3,460 
 $ 
 24,830 
 $ 
 21,580 
 $ 
 27,741 
 $ 
 18,498 
 $ 
 84,230 
 $ 
 180,339 
 Senior structured notes 
 1,503 
 1,512 
 990 
 466 
 1,401 
 11,626 
 17,498 
 Subordinated notes 
 5,165 
 4,889 
 2,074 
 907 
 —
 15,053 
 28,088 
 Junior subordinated notes 
 —
 —
 193 
 —
 —
 557 
 750 
 Total Bank of America Corporation 
 10,128 
 31,231 
 24,837 
 29,114 
 19,899 
 111,466 
 226,675 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 Senior notes 
 5,601 
 5,240 
 —
 621 
 —
 —
 11,462 
 Subordinated notes 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1,401 
 1,401 
 Advances from Federal Home Loan Banks 
 1,357 
 8 
 3 
 8 
 2 
 37 
 1,415 
 Securitizations and other Bank VIEs (1) 
 2,249 
 3,041 
 1,249 
 1,235 
 132 
 142 
 8,048 
 Other 
 180 
 201 
 10 
 13 
 89 
 2 
 495 
 Total Bank of America, N.A. 
 9,387 
 8,490 
 1,262 
 1,877 
 223 
 1,582 
 22,821 
 Other debt 
 Structured Liabilities 
 6,152 
 5,779 
 4,397 
 1,895 
 3,309 
 11,842 
 33,374 
 Nonbank VIEs (1) 
 —
 —
 —
 3 
 16 
 390 
 409 
 Other 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Total other debt 
 6,152 
 5,779 
 4,397 
 1,898 
 3,325 
 12,232 
 33,783 
 Total long-term debt 
 $ 
 25,667 
 $ 
 45,500 
 $ 
 30,496 
 $ 
 32,889 
 $ 
 23,447 
 $ 
 125,280 
 $ 
 283,279 
 (1) Represents liabilities of consolidated VIEs included in total long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 NOTE 12 Commitments and Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Corporation enters into a
 number of off-balance sheet commitments. These commitments
 expose the Corporation to varying degrees of credit and market
 risk and are subject to the same credit and market risk
 limitation reviews as those instruments recorded on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Credit Extension Commitments 
 The Corporation enters into commitments to extend credit such 
 as loan commitments, SBLCs and commercial letters of credit 
 to meet the financing needs of its customers. The following 
 table includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding 
 lending commitments net of amounts distributed (i.e., 
 syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The 
 distributed amounts were $10.4 billion and $10.3 billion at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. The carrying value of the 
 Corporation’s credit extension commitments at December 31, 
 2024 and 2023, excluding commitments accounted for under 
 the fair value option, was $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, which 
 predominantly related to the reserve for unfunded lending 
 commitments. The carrying value of these commitments is 
 classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Legally binding commitments to extend credit generally have
 specified rates and maturities. Certain of these commitments
 have adverse change clauses that
 help to protect
 the
 Corporation against deterioration in the borrower’s ability to pay.
 The 
 following 
 table 
 includes 
 the 
 notional 
 amount
 of
 commitments of $2.2 billion and $2.6 billion at December 31,
 2024 and 2023 that are accounted for under the fair value
 option. However, the table excludes the cumulative net fair
 value for these commitments of $144 million and $67 million at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023, which is classified in accrued
 expenses and other liabilities. For more information regarding
 the Corporation’s loan commitments accounted for under the
 fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option.
 Credit Extension Commitments 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Expire in One 
 Year or Less 
 Expire After One 
 Year Through 
 Three Years 
 Expire After Three 
 Years Through 
 Five Years 
 Expire After 
 Five Years 
 Total 
 December 31, 2024 
 Notional amount of credit extension commitments 
 Loan commitments (1) 
 $ 
 123,520 
 $ 
 227,539 
 $ 
 191,469 
 $ 
 19,011 
 $ 
 561,539 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 3,518 
 10,570 
 8,920 
 21,272 
 44,280 
 Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees (2) 
 25,080 
 8,006 
 2,589 
 370 
 36,045 
 Letters of credit 
 781 
 142 
 8 
 19 
 950 
 Other commitments (3) 
 5 
 52 
 88 
 1,028 
 1,173 
 Legally binding commitments 
 152,904 
 246,309 
 203,074 
 41,700 
 643,987 
 Credit card lines (4) 
 456,185 
 —
 —
 —
 456,185 
 Total credit extension commitments 
 $ 
 609,089 
 $ 
 246,309 
 $ 
 203,074 
 $ 
 41,700 
 $ 
 1,100,172 
 December 31, 2023 
 Notional amount of credit extension commitments 
 Loan commitments (1) 
 $ 
 124,298 
 $ 
 198,818 
 $ 
 193,878 
 $ 
 15,386 
 $ 
 532,380 
 Home equity lines of credit 
 2,775 
 9,182 
 11,195 
 21,975 
 45,127 
 Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees (2) 
 21,067 
 9,633 
 2,693 
 652 
 34,045 
 Letters of credit 
 873 
 207 
 66 
 29 
 1,175 
 Other commitments (3) 
 17 
 50 
 108 
 1,035 
 1,210 
 Legally binding commitments 
 149,030 
 217,890 
 207,940 
 39,077 
 613,937 
 Credit card lines (4) 
 440,328 
 —
 —
 —
 440,328 
 Total credit extension commitments 
 $ 
 589,358 
 $ 
 217,890 
 $ 
 207,940 
 $ 
 39,077 
 $ 
 1,054,265 
 (1) At December 31, 2024 and 2023, $4.4 billion and $3.1 billion of these loan commitments were held in the form of a security. 
 (2) The notional amounts of SBLCs and financial guarantees classified as investment grade and non-investment grade based on the credit quality of the underlying reference name within the
 instrument were $25.0 billion and $10.1 billion at December 31, 2024, and $23.6 billion and $9.7 billion at December 31, 2023. Amounts in the table include consumer SBLCs of $1.0 billion
 and $744 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 (3) Primarily includes second-loss positions on lease-end residual value guarantees. 
 (4) Includes business card unused lines of credit. 
 Other Commitments 
 At December
 31,
 2024
 and 2023,
 the Corporation had
 commitments to purchase loans (e.g., residential mortgage and
 commercial real estate) of $242 million and $822 million, which
 upon settlement will be included in trading account assets,
 loans or LHFS, and commitments to purchase commercial loans
 of $768 million and $420 million, which upon settlement will be
 included in trading account assets.
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had 
 commitments to enter into resale and forward-dated resale and 
 securities borrowing agreements of $109.8 billion and $117.0 
 billion, and commitments to enter into forward-dated repurchase 
 and securities lending agreements of $87.1 billion and $63.0 
 billion. A significant portion of these commitments will expire 
 within the next 12 months. 
 At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had
 a commitment to originate or purchase up to $4.0 billion, on a
 rolling 12-month basis, of auto loans and leases from a
 strategic partner. This commitment extends through November
 2026 and can be terminated with 12 months prior notice.
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had 
 unfunded equity investment commitments of $787 million and 
 $477 million. 
 As a Federal Reserve member bank, the Corporation is
 required to subscribe to a certain amount of shares issued by
 its Federal Reserve district
 bank,
 which pays cumulative
 dividends at a prescribed rate. At both December 31, 2024 and
 2023, the Corporation had paid $5.4 billion for half of its
 subscribed shares, with the remaining half subject to call by the
 Federal Reserve district bank board, which the Corporation
 believes is remote.
 Other Guarantees 
 Bank-owned Life Insurance Book Value Protection 
 The Corporation sells products that offer book value protection 
 to insurance carriers who offer group life insurance policies to 
 corporations, primarily banks. At December 31, 2024 and 
 2023, the notional amount of these guarantees totaled $3.3 
 billion and $3.8 billion. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the 
 Corporation’s maximum exposure related to these guarantees 
 totaled $506 million and $577 million, with estimated maturity 
 dates between 2034 and 2037. 
 Indemnifications 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation enters into 
 various agreements that contain indemnifications, such as tax 
 indemnifications, whereupon payment may become due if 
 certain external events occur, such as a change in tax law. The 
 indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms 
 and were entered into in the normal course of business based 
 on an assessment that the risk of loss would be remote. These 
 agreements typically contain an early termination clause that 
 permits the Corporation to exit the agreement upon these 
 events. 
 The 
 maximum 
 potential 
 future 
 payment 
 under 
 indemnification agreements is difficult to assess for several 
 reasons, including the occurrence of an external event, the 
 inability to predict future changes in tax and other laws, the 
 difficulty in determining how such laws would apply to parties in 
 contracts, the absence of exposure limits contained in standard 
 contract language and the timing of any early termination 
 clauses. Historically, any payments made under these 
 guarantees have been de minimis. The Corporation has 
 assessed the probability of making such payments in the future 
 as remote. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
180
 181
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Merchant Services 
 The Corporation in its role as merchant acquirer or as a sponsor
 of other merchant acquirers may be held liable for any reversed
 charges that cannot be collected from the merchants due to,
 among other things, merchant fraud or insolvency. If charges are
 properly reversed after a purchase and cannot be collected from
 either the merchants or merchant acquirers, the Corporation
 may be held liable for these reversed charges. The ability to
 reverse a charge is primarily governed by the applicable
 payment network rules and regulations, which include, but are
 not limited to, the type of charge, type of payment used and
 time limits. The total amount of transactions subject to reversal
 under payment network rules and regulations processed for the
 preceding six-month period, which was approximately $197
 billion, is an estimate of the Corporation’s maximum potential
 exposure as of December 31, 2024. The Corporation’s risk in
 this area primarily relates to circumstances where a cardholder
 has purchased goods or services for future delivery. The
 Corporation mitigates this risk by requiring cash deposits,
 guarantees, letters of credit or other types of collateral from
 certain merchants. The Corporation’s reserves for contingent
 losses, and the losses incurred related to the merchant
 processing activity were not significant.
 Exchange and Clearing House Member Guarantees 
 The Corporation is a member of various securities and derivative
 exchanges and clearinghouses, both in the U.S. and other
 countries. As a member, the Corporation may be required to pay
 a pro-rata share of the losses incurred by some of these
 organizations as a result of another member default and under
 other loss scenarios. The Corporation’s potential obligations
 may be limited to its membership interests in such exchanges
 and clearinghouses,
 to the amount
 (or
 multiple)
 of
 the
 Corporation’s contribution to the guarantee fund or, in limited
 instances, to the full pro-rata share of the residual losses after
 applying the guarantee fund.
 The Corporation’s maximum
 potential exposure under these membership agreements is
 difficult to estimate; however, the Corporation has assessed the
 probability of making any such payments as remote.
 Prime Brokerage and Securities Clearing Services 
 In connection with its prime brokerage and clearing businesses, 
 the Corporation performs securities clearance and settlement 
 services with other brokerage firms and clearinghouses on 
 behalf of its clients. Under these arrangements, the Corporation 
 stands ready to meet the obligations of its clients with respect 
 to securities transactions. The Corporation’s obligations in this 
 respect are secured by the assets in the clients’ accounts and 
 the accounts of their customers as well as by any proceeds 
 received from the transactions cleared and settled by the 
 Corporation on behalf of clients or their customers. The 
 Corporation’s maximum potential exposure under these 
 arrangements is difficult to estimate; however, the potential for 
 the Corporation to incur material losses pursuant to these 
 arrangements is remote. 
 Fixed Income Clearing Corporation Sponsored Member 
 Repo Program 
 The Corporation acts as a sponsoring member in a repo 
 program whereby the Corporation clears certain eligible resale 
 and repurchase agreements through the Government Securities 
 Division of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation on behalf of 
 clients that are sponsored members in accordance with the 
 Fixed Income Clearing Corporation’s rules. As part of this 
 program, the Corporation guarantees the payment and 
 performance of its sponsored members to the Fixed Income 
 Clearing Corporation. The Corporation’s guarantee obligation is 
 secured by a security interest in cash or high-quality securities 
 collateral placed by clients with the clearinghouse and therefore, 
 the potential for the Corporation to incur significant losses 
 under this arrangement is remote. The Corporation’s maximum 
 potential exposure, without taking into consideration the related 
 collateral, 
 was 
 $191.9 
 billion 
 and 
 $132.5 
 billion 
 at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Other Guarantees 
 In the normal course of business, the Corporation periodically 
 guarantees the obligations of its affiliates in a variety of 
 transactions including ISDA-related transactions and non-ISDA 
 related transactions such as commodities trading, repurchase 
 agreements, 
 prime 
 brokerage 
 agreements 
 and 
 other 
 transactions. 
 Guarantees of Certain Long-term Debt 
 The 
 Corporation, 
 as 
 the 
 parent 
 company, 
 fully 
 and 
 unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by BofA 
 Finance LLC, a consolidated finance subsidiary of the 
 Corporation, 
 and 
 effectively 
 provides 
 for 
 the 
 full 
 and 
 unconditional guarantee of trust securities and capital securities 
 issued by certain statutory trust companies that are 100 
 percent owned finance subsidiaries of the Corporation. 
 Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate 
 Guarantees 
 The Corporation securitizes first-lien residential mortgage loans 
 generally in the form of RMBS guaranteed by the GSEs or by 
 GNMA in the case of FHA-insured, VA-guaranteed and Rural 
 Housing Service-guaranteed mortgage loans, and sells pools of 
 first-lien residential mortgage loans in the form of whole loans. 
 In addition, in prior years, legacy companies and certain 
 subsidiaries sold pools of first-lien residential mortgage loans 
 and home equity loans as private-label securitizations or in the 
 form of whole loans. In connection with these transactions, the 
 Corporation or certain of its subsidiaries or legacy companies 
 make and have made various representations and warranties. 
 Breaches of these representations and warranties have resulted 
 in and may continue to result in the requirement to repurchase 
 mortgage loans or to otherwise make whole or provide 
 indemnification or other remedies to sponsors, investors, 
 securitization trusts, guarantors, insurers or other parties 
 (collectively, repurchases). 
 Unresolved Repurchase Claims 
 Unresolved representations and warranties repurchase claims 
 represent the notional amount of repurchase claims made by 
 counterparties, typically the outstanding principal balance or the 
 unpaid principal balance at the time of default. In the case of 
 first-lien mortgages, the claim amount is often significantly 
 greater than the expected loss amount due to the benefit of 
 collateral and, in some cases, mortgage insurance or mortgage 
 guarantee payments. 
 The notional amount of unresolved repurchase claims at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $2.1 billion and $5.4
 billion. These balances included $837 million and $2.2 billion at
 December 31, 2024 and 2023 of claims related to loans in
 specific private-label securitization groups or tranches where the
 Corporation owns substantially all of the outstanding securities
 or will otherwise realize the benefit of any repurchase claims
 paid.
 During 2024, the Corporation received $181 million in new 
 repurchase claims that were not time-barred. During 2024, $3.5 
 billion in claims were resolved. 
 Reserve and Related Provision 
 The reserve for representations and warranties obligations and 
 corporate guarantees was $184 million and $604 million at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023 and is included in accrued 
 expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance 
 Sheet, and the related provision is included in other income in 
 the Consolidated Statement of Income. The representations and 
 warranties reserve represents the Corporation’s best estimate 
 of probable incurred losses, is based on its experience in 
 previous negotiations, and is subject to judgment, a variety of 
 assumptions 
 and 
 known 
 or 
 unknown 
 uncertainties. 
 At 
 December 31, 2024, the estimated range of possible loss in 
 excess of the accrued representations and warranties reserve 
 was not significant. Future representations and warranties 
 losses may occur in excess of the amounts recorded for these 
 exposures; however, the Corporation does not expect such 
 amounts to be material to the Corporation's financial condition 
 and liquidity. 
 Other Contingencies 
 In 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)
 issued a final rule to impose a special assessment to recover
 certain estimated losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF)
 arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature
 Bank. The estimated losses will be recovered through quarterly
 special assessments collected from certain insured depository
 institutions, including the Corporation, and collection began
 during the three months ended June 30,
 2024.
 As of
 December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s accrual for its
 estimated share of the FDIC special assessment was $1.7
 billion and $2.1 billion. The Corporation continues to monitor
 the FDIC’s estimated loss to the DIF, which could affect the
 amount of its accrued liability.
 Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation and its
 subsidiaries are routinely defendants in or parties to many
 pending and threatened legal, regulatory and governmental
 actions and proceedings. In view of the inherent difficulty of
 predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly where the
 claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages or where
 the matters present novel legal theories or involve a large
 number of parties, the Corporation generally cannot predict the
 eventual outcome of the pending matters, timing of the ultimate
 resolution of these matters, or eventual loss, fines or penalties
 related to each pending matter.
 As a matter develops, the Corporation, in conjunction with 
 any outside counsel handling the matter, evaluates whether 
 such matter presents a loss contingency that is probable and 
 estimable, and, for the matters disclosed below, whether a loss 
 in excess of any accrued liability is reasonably possible in future 
 periods. Once the loss contingency is deemed to be both 
 probable and estimable, the Corporation will establish an 
 accrued liability and record a corresponding amount of litigation 
 related expense. The Corporation continues to monitor the 
 matter for further developments that could affect the amount of 
 the accrued liability that has been previously established. 
 Excluding expenses of internal and external legal service 
 providers, litigation and regulatory investigation-related expense 
 of $266 million, $519 million and $1.2 billion was recognized in 
 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 For any matter disclosed in this Note for which a loss in
 future periods is reasonably possible and estimable (whether in
 excess of an accrued liability or where there is no accrued
 liability), the Corporation’s estimated range of possible loss is
 $0 to $0.8 billion in excess of the accrued liability, if any, as of
 December 31, 2024.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
182
 183
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The accrued liability and estimated range of possible loss 
 are based upon currently available information and subject to 
 significant judgment, a variety of assumptions and known and 
 unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the accrued 
 liability and estimated range of possible loss are unpredictable 
 and may change from time to time, and actual losses may vary 
 significantly from the current estimate and accrual. The 
 estimated range of possible loss does not represent the 
 Corporation’s maximum loss exposure. 
 Information is provided below regarding the nature of the 
 litigation or other contingency and, where specified, associated 
 claimed damages. Based on current knowledge, and taking into 
 account accrued liabilities, management does not believe that 
 loss contingencies arising from pending matters, including the 
 matters described below, will have a material adverse effect on 
 the consolidated financial condition or liquidity of the 
 Corporation. However, in light of the significant judgment, variety 
 of assumptions and uncertainties involved in those matters, 
 some of which are beyond the Corporation’s control, and the 
 very large or indeterminate damages sought in some of those 
 matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of those matters 
 could be material to the Corporation’s business or results of 
 operations for any particular reporting period, or cause 
 significant reputational harm. 
 Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering and Economic 
 Sanctions Compliance 
 BANA agreed to a Consent Order announced by the Office of the
 Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) on December 23, 2024, and
 the Corporation continues to respond to requests for
 information from other regulators, relating to certain aspects of
 its BSA/AML and Economic Sanctions Compliance Programs
 (Programs). Since late 2023, the Corporation has been working
 with regulators to make changes to its Programs and has
 already completed significant steps to satisfy requirements of
 the Consent Order. The Corporation does not believe that these
 issues relating to the Programs will have a material adverse
 financial impact on the Corporation.
 CFPB Lawsuit Related to Processing Electronic Payments 
 On December 20, 2024, the Consumer Financial Protection
 Bureau (CFPB) filed suit against BANA, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
 N.A., Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Early Warning Services, LLC in
 the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona with respect to
 BANA’s and co-defendants’ processing of electronic payments
 of funds through the Zelle network. The CFPB alleges that BANA
 and its co-defendants violated the Consumer
 Financial
 Protection Act by not adequately protecting consumers from
 fraud on the Zelle network and the Electronic Fund Transfer Act
 by not reasonably investigating and reimbursing disputed Zelle
 transfers, and seeks both monetary and injunctive relief.
 Deposit Insurance Assessment 
 In 2017, the FDIC filed suit against BANA in the U.S. District
 Court for the District of Columbia (District Court) alleging that
 BANA underpaid assessments to the DIF in the 2012-2014 time
 frame in the amount of $1.12 billion and asserting claims under
 the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and for unjust enrichment.
 The FDIC Enforcement Section is also conducting a parallel
 investigation related to the same alleged underpayments. BANA
 disputes the FDIC’s claims and has asserted counterclaims
 challenging the FDIC’s regulations under the Administrative
 Procedure Act. Pending final resolution, BANA has pledged
 security
 satisfactory
 to the FDIC related to the disputed
 additional assessment amounts. On July 1, 2024, the District
 Court judge vacated the magistrate judge’s April 2023 report
 and recommendation for resolving the parties’ cross-motions for
 summary judgment, and asked the parties to file new motions.
 The parties subsequently filed their new summary judgment
 motions, which are pending.
 LIBOR 
 Beginning in 2011, several individual and putative class actions 
 were filed against the Corporation, BANA, and certain Merrill 
 Lynch entities, as well as other banks on the U.S. Dollar LIBOR 
 panel. These actions alleged that defendants manipulated 
 LIBOR during the financial crisis and asserted a variety of 
 claims, including federal and state antitrust, Commodity 
 Exchange Act, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations 
 Act, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, common law fraud, and 
 breach of contract claims and sought compensatory, treble and 
 punitive damages, and injunctive relief. All remaining cases are 
 pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of 
 New York. Defendants’ motion for summary judgment is pending 
 on all remaining claims, brought by individual plaintiffs and one 
 class of plaintiffs who purchased over-the-counter instruments 
 incorporating LIBOR. 
 Unemployment Insurance Prepaid Cards 
 Beginning 
 putative class action and mass action lawsuits related to its 
 administration 
 of 
 prepaid 
 debit 
 cards 
 to 
 distribute 
 unemployment and other state benefits for the State of 
 California, which was the largest program administered by BANA 
 as measured by total benefits and number of participants. 
 These lawsuits have been consolidated into a multidistrict 
 litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of 
 California where plaintiffs assert claims for violations of the 
 Electronic Fund Transfer Act, state statutory and common law 
 claims and due process, and seek monetary damages and 
 injunctive relief based on allegations that BANA failed to 
 properly investigate and remediate cardholder claims of 
 fraudulent transactions and to prevent fraud, among other 
 allegations. 
 in January 2021, BANA was named as a defendant in 
 NOTE 13 Shareholders’ Equity 
 Common Stock 
 Declared Quarterly Cash Dividends on Common Stock (1) 
 Declaration Date 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Dividend 
 Per Share 
 January 29, 2025 
 March 7, 2025 
 March 28, 2025 
 $ 
 0.26 
 October 16, 2024 
 December 6, 2024 
 December 27, 2024 
 0.26 
 July 24, 2024 
 September 6, 2024 
 September 27, 2024 
 0.26 
 April 25, 2024 
 June 7, 2024 
 June 28, 2024 
 0.24 
 January 31, 2024 
 March 1, 2024 
 March 29, 2024 
 0.24 
 (1) In 2024, and through February 25, 2025. 
 The cash dividends paid per share of common stock were 
 $1.00, $0.92 and $0.86 for 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
 respectively. 
 The table below summarizes common stock repurchases 
 during 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 Common Stock Repurchase Summary 
 (in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Total share repurchases, including CCAR 
 capital plan repurchases 
 332 
 147 
 126 
 Purchase price of shares repurchased and 
 retired (1) 
 $ 13,104 
 $ 4,576 
 $ 5,073 
 (1) Consists of repurchases pursuant to the Corporation’s CCAR capital plans. 
 During 2024, in connection with employee stock plans, the 
 Corporation issued 75 million shares of its common stock and, 
 to satisfy tax withholding obligations, repurchased 28 million 
 shares of common stock. At December 31, 2024, the 
 Corporation had reserved 552 million unissued shares of 
 common stock for future issuances under employee stock 
 plans, convertible notes and preferred stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 The cash dividends declared on preferred stock were $1.6 
 billion in 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 During 2024, the Corporation fully redeemed Series X, 
 Series U, Series JJ and Series Z stock at their liquidation 
 preference values for a total of $5.3 billion. 
 All series of preferred stock in the Preferred Stock Summary
 table have a par value of $0.01 per share, are not subject to
 the operation of a sinking fund, have no participation rights, and
 with the exception of the Series L Preferred Stock, are not
 convertible. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and
 Series 1 through 5 Preferred Stock have general voting rights
 and vote together with the common stock. The holders of the
 other series included in the table have no general voting rights.
 All outstanding series of preferred stock of the Corporation have
 preference over the Corporation’s common stock with respect to
 the payment of dividends and distribution of the Corporation’s
 assets in the event of a liquidation or dissolution. With the
 exception of the Series B, F and G Preferred Stock, if any
 dividend payable on these series is in arrears for three or more
 semi-annual or six or more quarterly dividend periods, as
 applicable (whether consecutive or not), the holders of these
 series and any other class or series of preferred stock ranking
 equally as to payment of dividends and upon which equivalent
 voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting as
 a single class) will be entitled to vote for the election of two
 additional directors. These voting rights terminate when the
 Corporation has paid in full dividends on these series for at
 least two semi-annual or four quarterly dividend periods, as
 applicable, following the dividend arrearage.
 The 7.25% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred
 Stock, Series L (Series L Preferred Stock) does not have early
 redemption/call rights. Each share of the Series L Preferred
 Stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder,
 into 20 shares of the Corporation’s common stock plus cash in
 lieu of fractional shares. The Corporation may cause some or all
 of the Series L Preferred Stock, at its option, at any time or from
 time to time, to be converted into shares of common stock at
 the then-applicable conversion rate if, for 20 trading days during
 any period of 30 consecutive trading days, the closing price of
 common stock exceeds 130 percent of the then-applicable
 conversion price of the Series L Preferred Stock. If a conversion
 of Series L Preferred Stock occurs at the option of the holder,
 subsequent to a dividend record date but prior to the dividend
 payment
 date,
 the Corporation will still pay
 any
 accrued
 dividends payable.
 The following table presents a summary of perpetual 
 preferred stock outstanding at December 31, 2024. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
184
 185
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 e
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 e
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 e
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Preferred Stock Summary 
 (Dollars in millions, except as noted) 
 Series 
 Description 
 Initial 
 Issuance 
 Date 
 Total 
 Shares 
 Outstanding 
 Liquidation 
 Preference 
 per Share 
 (in dollars) 
 Carrying 
 Value 
 Per Annum 
 Dividend Rate 
 Dividend per 
 Share 
 (in dollars) (1) 
 Annual 
 Dividend 
Redemption Period (2) 
 Series B 
 7.000% Cumulative 
 Redeemable 
 June 
 1997 
 7,065 
 $ 
 100 
 $ 
 1 
 7.00 % 
$ 
 7 
 $ 
 —
 n/a 
 Series E (3) 
 Floating Rate Non 
 Cumulativ 
 November 
 2006 
 12,317 
 25,000 
 308 
 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 61.161
 bps (4)(5) 
 1.50 
 18 
 On or after 
 November 15, 2011 
 Series F 
 Floating Rate Non 
 Cumulative 
 March 
 2012 
 1,409 
 100,000 
 141 
 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 66.161
 bps (4)(5) 
 6,010.54 
 8 
 On or after 
 March 15, 2012 
 Series G 
 Adjustable Rate Non 
 Cumulative 
 March 
 2012 
 4,925 
 100,000 
 492 
 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 66.161
 bps (4)(5) 
 6,010.54 
 30 
 On or after 
 March 15, 2012 
 Series L 
 7.25% Non-Cumulative 
 Perpetual Convertible 
 January 
 2008 
 3,080,182 
 1,000 
 3,080 
 7.25 % 
 72.50 
 223 
 n/a 
 Series AA (6) 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative 
 March 
 2015 
 76,000 
 25,000 
 1,900 
 6.100% to, but excluding, 
 3/17/25; 3-mo. CME Term SOFR 
 + 415.961 bps thereafter (5) 
 61.00 
 116 
 On or after 
 March 17, 2025 
 Series DD (6) 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative 
 March 
 2016 
 40,000 
 25,000 
 1,000 
 6.300% to, but excluding, 
 3/10/26; 3-mo. CME Term SOFR 
 + 481.461 bps thereafter (5) 
 63.00 
 63 
 On or after 
 March 10, 2026 
 Series FF (6) 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative 
 March 
 2018 
 90,833 
 25,000 
 2,271 
 5.875% to, but excluding, 
 3/15/28; 3-mo. CME Term SOFR 
 + 319.261 bps thereafter (5) 
 58.75 
 133 
 On or after 
 March 15, 2028 
 Series GG (3) 
 6.000% Non-Cumulative 
 May 
 2018 
 54,000 
 25,000 
 1,350 
 6.000 % 
 1.50 
 81 
 On or after 
 May 16, 2023 
 Series HH (3) 
 5.875% Non-Cumulative 
 July 
 2018 
 34,049 
 25,000 
 851 
 5.875 % 
 1.47 
 50 
 On or after 
 July 24, 2023 
 Series KK (3) 
 5.375% Non-Cumulative 
 June 
 2019 
 55,273 
 25,000 
 1,382 
 5.375 % 
 1.34 
 74 
 On or after 
 June 25, 2024 
 Series LL (3) 
 5.000% Non-Cumulative 
 September 
 2019 
 52,045 
 25,000 
 1,301 
 5.000 % 
 1.25 
 65 
 On or after 
 September 17, 2024 
 Series MM (6) 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate 
 Non-Cumulative 
 January 
 2020 
 30,753 
 25,000 
 769 
 4.300% to, but excluding, 
 1/28/25; 3-mo. CME Term SOFR
 + 292.561 bps thereafter (5) 
 43.00 
 33 
 On or after 
 January 28, 2025 
 Series NN (3) 
 4.375% Non-Cumulative 
 October 
 2020 
 42,993 
 25,000 
 1,075 
 4.375 % 
 1.09 
 47 
 On or after 
 November 3, 2025 
 Series PP (3) 
 4.125% Non-Cumulative 
 January 
 2021 
 36,500 
 25,000 
 912 
 4.125 % 
 1.03 
 38 
 On or after 
 February 2, 2026 
 Series QQ (3) 
 4.250% Non-Cumulative 
 October 
 2021 
 51,879 
 25,000 
 1,297 
 4.250 % 
 1.06 
 55 
 On or after 
 November 17, 2026 
 Series RR (7) 
 4.375% Fixed-Rate Reset 
 Non-Cumulative 
 January 
 2022 
 66,738 
 25,000 
 1,668 
 4.375% to, but excluding 
 1/27/27; 5-yr U.S. Treasury Rate 
 + 276 bps thereafter 
 43.75 
 73 
 On or after 
 January 27, 2027 
 Series SS (3) 
 4.750% Non-Cumulative 
 January 
 2022 
 27,463 
 25,000 
 687 
 4.750 % 
 1.19 
 33 
 On or after 
 February 17, 2027 
 Series TT (7) 
 6.125% Fixed-Rate Reset 
 Non-Cumulative 
 April 2022 
 80,000 
 25,000 
 2,000 
 6.125% to, but excluding, 
 4/27/27; 5-yr U.S. Treasury Rate 
 + 323.1 bps thereafter 
 61.25 
 122 
 On or after 
 April 27, 2027 
 Series 1 (8) 
 Floating Rate Non 
 Cumulativ 
 November 
 2004 
 3,185 
 30,000 
 96 
 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 101.161
 bps (5)(9) 
 1.57 
 6 
 On or after 
 November 28, 2009 
 Series 2 (8) 
 Floating Rate Non 
 Cumulative 
 March 
 2005 
 9,967 
 30,000 
 299 
 3-mo. CME Term SOFR +
 91.161 bps (5)(9) 
 1.57 
 19 
 On or after 
 November 28, 2009 
 Series 4 (8) 
 Floating Rate Non 
 Cumulativ 
 November 
 2005 
 7,010 
 30,000 
 210 
 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 101.161
 bps (4)(5) 
 1.60 
 13 
 On or after 
 November 28, 2010 
 Series 5 (8) 
 Floating Rate Non 
 Cumulative 
 March 
 2007 
 13,331 
 30,000 
 400 
 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 76.161
 bps (4)(5) 
 1.54 
 25 
 On or after 
 May 21, 2012 
 Issuance costs and certain adjustments 
 (331) 
 Total 
 3,877,917 
 $23,159 
 (1) For all series of preferred stock other than Series B, Series F, Series G and Series L, “Dividend per Share” means the amount of dividends per depositary share of such series. 
 (2) The Corporation may redeem series of preferred stock on or after the redemption date, in whole or in part, at its option, at the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid dividends. Series B
 and Series L Preferred Stock do not have early redemption/call rights.
 (3) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared. 
 (4) Subject to 4.00% minimum rate per annum. 
 (5) The number of basis points to be added to 3-mo. Term SOFR is equal to the original basis point spread applicable to floating rate periods when the preferred stock was originally issued, plus a
 tenor spread adjustment of 26.161 bps relating to the transition from 3-mo. LIBOR to 3-mo. Term SOFR.
 (6) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a semi-annual cash dividend, if and when declared, until the first
 redemption date at which time, it adjusts to a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared, thereafter.
 (7) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared. 
 (8) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,200th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared. 
 (9) Subject to 3.00% minimum rate per annum. 
 n/a = not applicable 
 NOTE 14 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 The table below presents the changes in accumulated OCI after-tax for 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Debt Securities 
 Debit Valuation 
 Adjustments 
 Derivatives 
 Employee 
 Benefit Plans 
 Foreign 
 Currency 
 Total 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 $ 
 3,045 
 $ 
 (1,636) $ 
 (1,880) $ 
 (3,642) $ 
 (991) $ 
 (5,104) 
 Net change 
 (6,028) 
 755 
 (10,055) 
 (667) 
 (57) 
 (16,052) 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 $ 
 (2,983) $ 
 (881) $ 
 (11,935) $ 
 (4,309) $ 
 (1,048) $ 
 (21,156) 
 Net change 
 573 
 (686) 
 3,919 
 (439) 
 1 
 3,368 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 
 $ 
 (2,410) $ 
 (1,567) $ 
 (8,016) $ 
 (4,748) $ 
 (1,047) $ 
 (17,788) 
 Net change 
 158 
 (127) 
 2,428 
 131 
 (87) 
 2,503 
 Balance, December 31, 2024 
 $ 
 (2,252) $ 
 (1,694) $ 
 (5,588) $ 
 (4,617) $ 
 (1,134) $ 
 (15,285) 
 The table below presents the net change in fair value recorded in accumulated OCI, net realized gains and losses reclassified
 into earnings and other changes for each component of OCI pre- and after-tax for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Pretax 
 Tax 
 effect 
 After 
 tax 
 Pretax 
 Tax 
 effect 
 After 
 tax 
 Pretax 
 Tax 
 effect 
 After 
 tax 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Debt securities: 
 Net increase (decrease) in fair value 
 $ 
 185 
 $ 
 (49) $ 
 136 
 $ 
 348 
 $ 
 (79) $ 
 269 
 $ (7,995) $ 1,991 
 $ (6,004) 
 Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings (1) 
 29 
 (7) 
 22 
 405 
 (101) 
 304 
 (32) 
 8 
 (24) 
 Net change 
 214 
 (56) 
 158 
 753 
 (180) 
 573 
 (8,027) 
 1,999 
 (6,028) 
 Debit valuation adjustments: 
 Net increase (decrease) in fair value 
 (180) 
 45 
 (135) 
 (917) 
 223 
 (694) 
 980 
 (237) 
 743 
 Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings (1) 
 12 
 (4) 
 8 
 11 
 (3) 
 8 
 16 
 (4) 
 12 
 Net change 
 (168) 
 41 
 (127) 
 (906) 
 220 
 (686) 
 996 
 (241) 
 755 
 Derivatives: 
 Net increase (decrease) in fair value 
 433 
 (107) 
 326 
 2,064 
 (514) 
 1,550 
 (13,711) 
 3,430 
 (10,281) 
 Reclassifications into earnings: 
 Net interest income 
 2,692 
 (674) 
 2,018 
 1,153 
 (288) 
 865 
 332 
 (84) 
 248 
 Market making and similar activities 
 146 
 (35) 
 111 
 2,031 
 (508) 
 1,523 
 —
 —
 —
 Compensation and benefits expense 
 (35) 
 8 
 (27) 
 (25) 
 6 
 (19) 
 (29) 
 7 
 (22) 
 Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings 
 2,803 
 (701) 
 2,102 
 3,159 
 (790) 
 2,369 
 303 
 (77) 
 226 
 Net change 
 3,236 
 (808) 
 2,428 
 5,223 
 (1,304) 
 3,919 
 (13,408) 
 3,353 
 (10,055) 
 Employee benefit plans: 
 Net increase (decrease) in fair value 
 29 
 (8) 
 21 
 (642) 
 162 
 (480) 
 (1,103) 
 276 
 (827) 
 Net actuarial losses and other reclassified into earnings (2) 
 148 
 (37) 
 111 
 56 
 (16) 
 40 
 198 
 (49) 
 149 
 Settlements, curtailments and other 
 (1) 
 —
 (1) 
 1 
 —
 1 
 11 
 —
 11 
 Net change 
 176 
 (45) 
 131 
 (585) 
 146 
 (439) 
 (894) 
 227 
 (667) 
 Foreign currency: 
 Net increase (decrease) in fair value 
 521 
 (615) 
 (94) 
 (177) 
 192 
 15 
 332 
 (390) 
 (58) 
 Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings (1) 
 41 
 (34) 
 7 
 (48) 
 34 
 (14) 
 —
 1 
 1 
 Net change 
 562 
 (649) 
 (87) 
 (225) 
 226 
 1 
 332 
 (389) 
 (57) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 $ 4,020 
 $ (1,517) $ 2,503 
 $ 4,260 
 $ 
 (892) $ 3,368 
 $(21,001) $ 4,949 
 $(16,052) 
 (1) Reclassifications of pretax debt securities, DVA and foreign currency (gains) losses are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 (2) Reclassifications of pretax employee benefit plan costs are recorded in other general operating expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
186
 187
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NOTE 15 Earnings Per Common Share 
 The calculation of EPS and diluted EPS for 2024, 2023 and 2022 is presented below. For more information on the calculation of 
 EPS, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. 
 (In millions, except per share information) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Earnings per common share 
 Net income 
 $ 
 27,132 
 $ 
 26,515 
 $ 
 27,528 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 (1,629) 
 (1,649) 
 (1,513) 
 Net income applicable to common shareholders 
 $ 
 25,503 
 $ 
 24,866 
 $ 
 26,015 
 Average common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,855.5 
 8,028.6 
 8,113.7 
 Earnings per common share 
 $ 
 3.25 
 $ 
 3.10 
 $ 
 3.21 
 Diluted earnings per common share 
 Net income applicable to common shareholders 
 $ 
 25,503 
 $ 
 24,866 
 $ 
 26,015 
 Average common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,855.5 
 8,028.6 
 8,113.7 
 Dilutive potential common shares (1) 
 80.3 
 51.9 
 53.8 
 Total diluted average common shares issued and outstanding 
 7,935.8 
 8,080.5 
 8,167.5 
 Diluted earnings per common share 
 $ 
 3.21 
 $ 
 3.08 
 $ 
 3.19 
 (1) Includes incremental dilutive shares from preferred stock, restricted stock units, restricted stock and warrants. 
 For 2024, 2023 and 2022, 62 million average dilutive
 potential common shares associated with the Series L preferred
 stock were not included in the diluted share count because the
 result would have been antidilutive under the “if-converted”
 method.
 NOTE 16 Regulatory Requirements and 
 Restrictions 
 The Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC (collectively, U.S. banking
 regulators) jointly establish regulatory capital adequacy rules,
 including Basel 3, for U.S. banking organizations. As a financial
 holding company, the Corporation is subject to capital adequacy
 rules issued by the Federal Reserve. The Corporation’s banking
 entity affiliates are subject to capital adequacy rules issued by
 the OCC.
 The Corporation and its primary banking entity affiliate, 
 BANA, are Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3. As 
 Advanced approaches institutions, the Corporation and its 
 banking entity affiliates are required to report regulatory risk 
 based capital ratios and risk-weighted assets under both the 
 Standardized and Advanced approaches. The approach that 
 yields the lower ratio is used to assess capital adequacy, 
 including under the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework. 
 The Corporation is required to maintain a minimum 
 supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 3.0 percent plus a 
 leverage buffer of 2.0 percent in order to avoid certain 
 restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus 
 payments to executive officers. The Corporation’s insured 
 depository institution subsidiaries are required to maintain a 
 minimum 6.0 percent SLR to be considered well capitalized 
 under the PCA framework. 
 The following table presents capital ratios and related
 information in accordance with Basel 3 Standardized and
 Advanced approaches as measured at December 31, 2024 and
 2023 for the Corporation and BANA.
 Regulatory Capital under Basel 3 
 (Dollars in millions, except as noted) 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 Standardized 
 Approach (1) 
 Advanced 
 Approaches (1) 
 Regulatory 
 Minimum (2) 
 Standardized 
 Approach (1) 
 Advanced 
 Approaches (1) 
 Regulatory 
 Minimum (3) 
 December 31, 2024 
 Risk-based capital metrics: 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 $ 201,083 
 $ 201,083 
 $ 194,341 
 $ 194,341 
 Tier 1 capital 
 223,458 
 223,458 
 194,341 
 194,341 
 Total capital (4) 
 255,363 
 244,809 
 209,256 
 198,923 
 Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 
 1,696 
 1,490 
 1,444 
 1,151 
 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
 11.9 % 
 13.5 % 
 10.7 % 
 13.5 % 
 16.9 % 
 7.0 % 
 Tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.2 
 15.0 
 12.2 
 13.5 
 16.9 
 8.5 
 Total capital ratio 
 15.1 
 16.4 
 14.2 
 14.5 
 17.3 
 10.5 
 Leverage-based metrics: 
 Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (5) 
 $ 
 3,240 
 $ 
 3,240 
 $ 
 2,546 
 $ 
 2,546 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 6.9 % 
 6.9 % 
 4.0 
 7.6 % 
 7.6 % 
 5.0 
 Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) 
 $ 
 3,818 
 $ 
 3,015 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 5.9 % 
 5.0 
 6.4 % 
 6.0 
 December 31, 2023 
 Risk-based capital metrics: 
 Common equity tier 1 capital 
 $ 194,928 
 $ 194,928 
 $ 187,621 
 $ 187,621 
 Tier 1 capital 
 223,323 
 223,323 
 187,621 
 187,621 
 Total capital (4) 
 251,399 
 241,449 
 201,932 
 192,175 
 Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 
 1,651 
 1,459 
 1,395 
 1,114 
 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 
 11.8 % 
 13.4 % 
 9.5 % 
 13.5 % 
 16.8 % 
 7.0 % 
 Tier 1 capital ratio 
 13.5 
 15.3 
 11.0 
 13.5 
 16.8 
 8.5 
 Total capital ratio 
 15.2 
 16.6 
 13.0 
 14.5 
 17.2 
 10.5 
 Leverage-based metrics: 
 Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) (5) 
 $ 
 3,135 
 $ 
 3,135 
 $ 
 2,471 
 $ 
 2,471 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio 
 7.1 % 
 7.1 % 
 4.0 
 7.6 % 
 7.6 % 
 5.0 
 Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) 
 $ 
 3,676 
 $ 
 2,910 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 6.1 % 
 5.0 
 6.4 % 
 6.0 
 (1) As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, capital ratios are calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allows a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the current expected credit
 losses accounting standard on January 1, 2020.
 (2) The CET1 capital regulatory minimum is the sum of the CET1 capital ratio minimum of 4.5 percent, the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2.5 percent at
 December 31, 2023, and SCB (under the Standardized approach) of 3.2 percent at December 31, 2024 and 2.5 percent at December 31, 2023. The countercyclical capital buffer was zero for
 both periods. The SLR regulatory minimum includes a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent.
 (3) Risk-based capital regulatory minimums at both December 31, 2024 and 2023 are the minimum ratios under Basel 3 including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent. The regulatory
 minimums for the leverage ratios as of both period ends are the percent required to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.
 (4) Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit 
 losses. 
 (5) Reflects total average assets adjusted for certain Tier 1 capital deductions. 
 The capital adequacy rules issued by the U.S. banking 
 regulators require institutions to meet the established 
 minimums outlined in the table above. Failure to meet the 
 minimum requirements can lead to certain mandatory and 
 discretionary actions by regulators that could have a material 
 adverse impact on the Corporation’s financial position. At 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation and its banking 
 entity affiliates were well capitalized. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation had cash
 and cash equivalents in the amount of $4.0 billion and $3.6
 billion, and securities with a fair value of $18.3 billion and
 $18.0 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities
 regulations.
 Cash and cash equivalents segregated in
 compliance with securities regulations are a component of
 restricted cash. For more information, see Note 10 – Securities
 Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and
 Restricted Cash. In addition, at December 31, 2024 and 2023,
 the Corporation had cash deposited with clearing organizations
 of $21.5 billion and $23.7 billion primarily recorded in other
 assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Bank Subsidiary Distributions 
 The primary sources of funds for cash distributions by the 
 Corporation to its shareholders are capital distributions received 
 from its bank subsidiaries, BANA and Bank of America 
 California, N.A. In 2024, the Corporation received dividends of 
 $20.8 billion from BANA and $500 million from Bank of America 
 California, N.A. 
 The amount of dividends that a subsidiary bank may declare
 in a calendar year without OCC approval is the subsidiary bank’s
 net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for
 the preceding two years. Retained net profits, as defined by the
 OCC, consist of net income less dividends declared during the
 period. In 2025, BANA can declare and pay dividends of
 approximately $13.0 billion to the Corporation plus an additional
 amount equal to its retained net profits for 2025 up to the date
 of any such dividend declaration.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
188
 189
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NOTE 17 Employee Benefit Plans 
 Pension and Postretirement Plans 
 The Corporation sponsors a qualified noncontributory trusteed 
 pension 
 plan 
 (Qualified 
 Pension 
 Plan), 
 a 
 number 
 of 
 noncontributory nonqualified pension plans and postretirement 
 health and life plans that cover eligible employees. Non-U.S. 
 pension plans sponsored by the Corporation vary based on the 
 country and local practices. 
 The Qualified Pension Plan has a balance guarantee feature 
 for account balances with participant-selected investments, 
 applied at the time a benefit payment is made from the plan 
 that effectively provides principal protection for participant 
 balances transferred and certain compensation credits. The 
 Corporation is responsible for funding any shortfall on the 
 guarantee feature. 
 Benefits earned under the Qualified Pension Plan have been
 frozen. Thereafter, the cash balance accounts continue to earn
 investment credits or interest credits in accordance with the
 terms of the plan document.
 The Corporation has an annuity contract that guarantees the 
 payment of benefits vested under a terminated U.S. pension 
 plan 
 (Other 
 Pension 
 Plan). 
 The 
 Corporation, 
 under 
 a 
 supplemental agreement, may be responsible for or benefit from 
 actual experience and investment performance of the annuity 
 assets. The Corporation made no contribution under this 
 agreement in 2024 or 2023. Contributions may be required in 
 the future under this agreement. 
 The Corporation’s noncontributory, nonqualified pension 
 plans are unfunded and provide supplemental defined pension 
 benefits to certain eligible employees. 
 In addition to retirement pension benefits, certain benefits
 eligible employees may become eligible to continue participation
 as retirees in health care and/or life insurance plans sponsored
 by
 the Corporation.
 These plans are referred to as the
 Postretirement Health and Life Plans.
 The Pension and Postretirement Plans table summarizes the
 changes in the fair value of plan assets, changes in the
 projected benefit obligation (PBO), the funded status of both the
 accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) and the PBO, and the
 weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations for the pension plans and postretirement plans at
 December
 31,
 2024 and 2023.
 The estimate of
 the
 Corporation’s PBO associated with these plans considers
 various actuarial assumptions,
 including assumptions for
 mortality
 rates and discount
 rates.
 The discount
 rate
 assumptions are derived from a cash flow matching technique
 that utilizes rates that are based on Aa-rated corporate bonds
 with cash flows that match estimated benefit payments of each
 of the plans. The increases in the weighted-average discount
 rates in 2024 resulted in a decrease to the PBO of $767 million
 at December 31, 2024. The decreases in the weighted-average
 discount rates in 2023 resulted in an increase to the PBO of
 approximately $511 million at December 31, 2023. Significant
 gains and losses related to changes in the PBO for 2024 and
 2023 primarily resulted from changes in the discount rate.
 Pension and Postretirement Plans (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Qualified 
 Pension Plan 
 Non-U.S. 
 Pension Plans 
 Nonqualified and Other 
 Pension Plans 
 Postretirement 
 Health and Life Plans 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Fair value, January 1 
 $ 
17,632 
 $ 
17,258 
 $ 
 1,779 
 $ 
 1,728 
 $ 
 1,849 
 $ 
 1,886 
 $ 
 98 
 $ 
 107 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 984 
 1,436 
 (103) 
 17 
 33 
 103 
 4 
 5 
 Company contributions 
 —
 —
 24 
 28 
 80 
 80 
 16 
 43 
 Plan participant contributions 
 —
 —
 1 
 1 
 —
 —
 106 
 102 
 Settlements and curtailments 
 —
 —
 (1) 
 (12) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Benefits paid 
 (992) 
 (1,062) 
 (77) 
 (80) 
 (223) 
 (220) 
 (136) 
 (159) 
 Foreign currency exchange rate changes 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 (43) 
 97 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Fair value, December 31 
 $ 
17,624 
 $ 
17,632 
 $ 
 1,580 
 $ 
 1,779 
 $ 
 1,739 
 $ 
 1,849 
 $ 
 88 
 $ 
 98 
 Change in projected benefit obligation 
 Projected benefit obligation, January 1 
 $ 
11,769 
 $ 
11,580 
 $ 
 1,974 
 $ 
 1,752 
 $ 
 2,092 
 $ 
 2,109 
 $ 
 672 
 $ 
 700 
 Service cost 
 —
 —
 31 
 27 
 —
 —
 2 
 2 
 Interest cost 
 587 
 616 
 86 
 80 
 103 
 111 
 33 
 36 
 Plan participant contributions 
 —
 —
 1 
 1 
 —
 —
 106 
 102 
 Plan amendments 
 —
 —
 (9) 
 4 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Settlements and curtailments 
 —
 —
 (1) 
 (12) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Actuarial loss (gain) 
 (259) 
 635 
 (185) 
 121 
 (6) 
 92 
 (37) 
 (9) 
 Benefits paid 
 (992) 
 (1,062) 
 (77) 
 (80) 
 (223) 
 (220) 
 (136) 
 (160) 
 Foreign currency exchange rate changes 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 (51) 
 81 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 —
 1 
 Projected benefit obligation, December 31 
 $ 
11,105 
 $ 
11,769 
 $ 
 1,769 
 $ 
 1,974 
 $ 
 1,966 
 $ 
 2,092 
 $ 
 640 
 $ 
 672 
 Amounts recognized on Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 Other assets 
 $ 
 6,519 
 $ 
 5,863 
 $ 
 234 
 $ 
 235 
 $ 
 431 
 $ 
 452 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 —
 —
 (423) 
 (430) 
 (658) 
 (695) 
 (552) 
 (574) 
 Net amount recognized, December 31 
 $ 
 6,519 
 $ 
 5,863 
 $ 
 (189) 
 $ 
 (195) 
 $ 
 (227) 
 $ 
 (243) 
 $ 
 (552) 
 $ 
 (574) 
 Funded status, December 31 
 Accumulated benefit obligation 
 $ 
11,105 
 $ 
11,769 
 $ 
 1,696 
 $ 
 1,903 
 $ 
 1,966 
 $ 
 2,091 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Overfunded (unfunded) status of ABO 
 6,519 
 5,863 
 (116) 
 (124) 
 (227) 
 (242) 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Provision for future salaries 
 —
 —
 73 
 71 
 —
 1 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Projected benefit obligation 
 11,105 
 11,769 
 1,769 
 1,974 
 1,966 
 2,092 
 $ 
 640 
 $ 
 672 
 Weighted-average assumptions, December 31 
 Discount rate 
 5.67 % 
 5.13 % 
 5.15 % 
 4.48 % 
 5.61 % 
 5.19 % 
 5.78 % 
 5.17 % 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 4.35 
 4.33 
 4.00 
 4.00 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Interest-crediting rate 
 5.42 % 
 5.43 % 
 2.08 
 1.98 
 4.73 
 4.91 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 (1) The measurement date for all of the above plans was December 31 of each year reported. 
 n/a = not applicable 
 The Corporation’s estimate of its contributions to be made
 to the Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension
 Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans in 2025 is $13
 million, $90 million
 and $29 million, respectively. The
 Corporation does not expect to make a contribution to the
 Qualified Pension Plan in 2025.
 It
 is the policy
 of
 the
 Corporation to fund no less than the minimum funding amount
 required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
 1974 (ERISA).
 Pension Plans with ABO and PBO in excess of plan assets as
 of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the table
 below. For these plans, funding strategies vary due to legal
 requirements and local practices.
 Plans with ABO and PBO in Excess of Plan Assets 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Non-U.S. 
 Pension Plans 
 Nonqualified 
 and Other 
 Pension Plans 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 PBO 
 $ 
 496 
 $ 
 499 
 $ 
 659 
 $ 
 695 
 ABO 
 433 
 445 
 659 
 695 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 75 
 75 
 —
 1 
 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Qualified Pension Plan 
 Non-U.S. Pension Plans 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Components of net periodic benefit cost (income) 
 Service cost 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 31 
 $ 
 27 
 $ 
 29 
 Interest cost 
 587 
 616 
 438 
 86 
 80 
 53 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 (1,206) 
 (1,191) 
 (1,204) 
 (89) 
 (72) 
 (59) 
 Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) and prior service cost 
 134 
 94 
 140 
 16 
 11 
 14 
 Recognized loss (gain) due to settlements, curtailments, and other 
 —
 —
 —
 (1) 
 1 
 10 
 Net periodic benefit cost (income) 
 $ (485) 
 $ (481) 
 $ (626) 
 $ 
 43 
 $ 
 47 
 $ 
 47 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net cost for years ended December 31 
 Discount rate 
 5.13 % 
 5.54 % 
 2.86 % 
 4.48 % 
 4.59 % 
 1.85 % 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 6.50 
 6.50 
 5.75 
 5.18 
 4.17 
 2.17 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 4.33 
 4.25 
 4.46 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Nonqualified and 
 Other Pension Plans 
 Postretirement Health 
 and Life Plans 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Components of net periodic benefit cost (income) 
 Service cost 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 2 
 $ 
 4 
 Interest cost 
 103 
 111 
 74 
 33 
 36 
 25 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 (90) 
 (97) 
 (59) 
 (3) 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) and prior service cost 
 33 
 29 
 54 
 (35) 
 (78) 
 (9) 
 Recognized loss (gain) due to settlements, curtailments, and other 
 —
 —
 1 
 —
 —
 —
 Net periodic benefit cost (income) 
 $ 
 46 
 $ 
 43 
 $ 
 70 
 $ 
 (3) 
 $ 
 (42) 
 $ 
 18 
 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net cost for years ended December 31 
 Discount rate 
 5.19 % 
 5.58 % 
 2.80 % 
 5.17 % 
 5.56 % 
 2.85 % 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 4.73 
 4.98 
 2.38 
 3.40 
 2.00 
 2.00 
 Rate of compensation increase 
 4.00 
 4.00 
 4.00 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 n/a = not applicable 
 The asset valuation method used to calculate the expected
 return on plan assets component of net periodic benefit cost for
 the Qualified Pension Plan recognizes 60 percent of the prior
 year’s market gains or losses at the next measurement date
 with the remaining 40 percent
 spread equally
 over
 the
 subsequent four years.
 Gains and losses for all benefit plans except postretirement
 health care are recognized in accordance with the standard
 amortization provisions of the applicable accounting guidance.
 Net
 periodic
 postretirement
 health and life expense was
 determined using the “projected unit credit” actuarial method.
 For the U.S. Postretirement Health Plans, 50 percent of the
 unrecognized gain or loss at the beginning of the year (or at
 subsequent remeasurement) is recognized on a level basis
 during the year.
 Assumed 
 health 
 care 
 cost
 trend 
 rates 
 affect
 the
 postretirement benefit obligation and benefit cost reported for
 the Postretirement Health and Life Plans. The assumed health
 care cost trend rate used to measure the expected cost of
 benefits covered by the U.S. Postretirement Health and Life
 Plans is 6.25 percent for 2025, reducing in steps to 5.00
 percent in 2028 and later years.
 The Corporation’s net
 periodic
 benefit
 cost
 (income)
 recognized for the plans is sensitive to the discount rate and
 expected return on plan assets. For the Qualified Pension Plan,
 Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans,
 and Postretirement Health and Life Plans, a 25 bps decline in
 discount rates and expected return on assets would not have
 had a significant impact on the net periodic benefit cost for
 2024.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
190
 191
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pretax Amounts included in Accumulated OCI and OCI 
 fie
Quali
 d 
 Pension Plan 
 Non-U.S. 
 Pension Plans 
 Nonqualified 
 and Other 
 Pension Plans 
 Postretirement 
 Health and 
 Life lans 
P
 tal 
To
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 Net actuarial loss (gain) 
 $ 4,901 
 $ 5,072 
 $ 
 468 
 $ 
478 
 $ 
 870 
 $ 
852 
 $ (128) $ (125) $ 6,111 
 $ 6,277 
 Prior service cost (credits) 
 —
 —
 36 
 46 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 36 
 46 
 Amounts recognized in accumulated OCI 
 $ 4,901 
 $ 5,072 
 $ 
 504 
 $ 
524 
 $ 
 870 
 $ 
852 
 $ (128) $ (125) $ 6,147 
 $ 6,323 
 Current year actuarial loss (gain) 
 $ 
 (37) $ 
391 
 $ 
 5 
 $ 
177 
 $ 
 51 
 $ 
 85 
 $ 
 (38) $ 
 (15) $ 
 (19) $ 
638 
 Amortization of actuarial gain (loss) and 
 prior service cost 
 (134) 
 (94) 
 (16) 
 (12) 
 (33) 
 (29) 
 35 
 78 
 (148) 
 (57) 
 Current year prior service cost (credit) 
 —
 —
 (9) 
 4 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (9) 
 4 
 Amounts recognized in OCI 
 $ (171) $ 
297 
 $ 
 (20) $ 
169 
 $ 
 18 
 $ 
 56 
 $ 
 (3) $ 
 63 
 $ (176) $ 
585 
 Plan Assets 
 The Qualified Pension Plan has been established as a 
 retirement vehicle for participants, and trusts have been 
 established to secure benefits promised under the Qualified 
 Pension Plan. The Corporation’s policy is to invest the trust 
 assets in a prudent manner for the exclusive purpose of 
 providing benefits to participants and defraying reasonable 
 expenses of administration. The Corporation’s investment 
 strategy is designed to provide a total return that, over the long 
 term, increases the ratio of assets to liabilities. The strategy 
 attempts to maximize the investment return on assets at a level 
 of risk deemed appropriate by the Corporation while complying 
 with ERISA and any applicable regulations and laws. The 
 investment strategy utilizes asset allocation as a principal 
 determinant for establishing the risk/return profile of the 
 assets. Asset allocation ranges are established, periodically 
 reviewed and adjusted as funding levels and liability 
 characteristics 
 change. 
 Active 
 and 
 passive 
 investment 
 managers are employed to help enhance the risk/return profile 
 of the assets. An additional aspect of the investment strategy 
 used to minimize risk (part of the asset allocation plan) includes 
 matching the exposure of participant-selected investment 
 measures. 
 The assets of the Non-U.S. Pension Plans are primarily
 attributable to a U.K. pension plan. This U.K. pension plan’s
 assets are invested prudently so that the benefits promised to
 members are provided with consideration given to the nature
 and the duration of the plans’ liabilities. The selected asset
 allocation strategy is designed to achieve a higher return than
 the lowest risk strategy.
 The expected rate of return on plan assets assumption was
 developed through analysis of
 historical market
 returns,
 historical asset class volatility and correlations, current market
 conditions, anticipated future asset allocations, the funds’ past
 experience and expectations on potential future market returns.
 The expected return on plan assets assumption is determined
 using the calculated market-related value for the Qualified
 Pension Plan and the Other Pension Plan and the fair value for
 the Non-U.S. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health and Life
 Plans.
 The expected return on plan assets assumption
 represents a long-term average view of the performance of the
 assets in the Qualified Pension Plan, the Non-U.S. Pension
 Plans, the Other Pension Plan, and Postretirement Health and
 Life Plans, a return that may or may not be achieved during any
 one calendar year. The Other Pension Plan is invested solely in
 an annuity contract, which is primarily invested in fixed-income
 securities structured such that asset maturities match the
 duration of the plan’s obligations.
 The target allocations for 2025 by asset category for the
 Qualified 
 Pension 
 Plan,
 Non-U.S.
 Pension 
 Plans,
 and
 Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans are presented in the table
 below. Equity securities for the Qualified Pension Plan include
 common stock of the Corporation in the amounts of $386
 million (2.19 percent of total plan assets) and $299 million
 (1.69 percent of total plan assets) at December 31, 2024, and
 2023.
 2025 Target Allocation 
 Percentage 
 Asset Category 
 Qualified 
 Pension Plan 
 Non-U.S. 
 Pension Plans 
 Nonqualified 
 and Other 
 Pension Plans 
 Equity securities 
 10 - 40% 
 0 - 10% 
 0 - 5% 
 Debt securities 
 50 - 85% 
 50 - 80% 
 95 - 100% 
 Real estate 
 0 - 10% 
 0 - 10% 
 0 - 5% 
 Other 
 0 - 10% 
 20 - 45% 
 0 - 5% 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 For more information on fair value measurements, including descriptions of Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the
 valuation methods employed by the Corporation, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Note 20 – Fair Value
 Measurements. Combined plan investment assets measured at fair value by level and in total at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are
 summarized in the Fair Value Measurements table.
 Fair Value Measurements 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Money market and interest-bearing cash 
 $ 
 1,103 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1,103 
 $ 
 1,013 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1,013 
 U.S. government and government agency obligations 
 3,875 
 754 
 3 
 4,632 
 3,692 
 729 
 4 
 4,425 
 Corporate debt 
 —
 2,931 
 —
 2,931 
 —
 3,343 
 —
 3,343 
 Non-U.S. debt securities 
 474 
 889 
 —
 1,363 
 567 
 987 
 —
 1,554 
 Asset-backed securities 
 —
 1,361 
 —
 1,361 
 —
 1,464 
 —
 1,464 
 Mutual and exchange-traded funds 
 920 
 —
 —
 920 
 953 
 —
 —
 953 
 Collective investment funds 
 —
 2,670 
 —
 2,670 
 —
 2,350 
 —
 2,350 
 Common and preferred stocks 
 3,795 
 —
 —
 3,795 
 4,027 
 —
 —
 4,027 
 Real estate investment trusts 
 36 
 —
 —
 36 
 45 
 —
 —
 45 
 Participant loans 
 —
 —
 6 
 6 
 —
 —
 6 
 6 
 Other investments (1) 
 1 
 11 
 451 
 463 
 1 
 47 
 427 
 475 
 Total plan investment assets, at fair value (2) 
 $ 
10,204 
 $ 
 8,616 
 $ 
 460 
 $ 
19,280 
 $ 10,298 
 $ 
 8,920 
 $ 
 437 
 $ 19,655 
 (1) Other investments includes insurance annuity contracts of $432 million and $404 million and other various investments of $31 million and $71 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (2) At December 31, 2024 and 2023, excludes $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion of certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical
 expedient and are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy.
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
 Investments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy increased $23 million in 2024 to $460 million due to $5 million in 
 negative asset returns and $28 million of net purchases. In 2023, level 3 investments increased $16 million to $437 million due to
 $4 million in positive asset returns and $12 million of net purchases. In 2022, level 3 investments decreased $222 million to $421
 million due to $8 million in negative asset returns and $214 million of net sales and settlements.
 Projected Benefit Payments 
 Benefit payments projected to be made from the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension
 Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans are presented in the table below.
 Projected Benefit Payments 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Qualified 
 Pension Plan (1) 
 Non-U.S. 
 Pension Plans (2) 
 Nonqualified 
 and Other 
 Pension Plans (2) 
 Postretirement 
 Health and 
 Life Plans (3) 
 2025 
 $ 
 909 
 $ 
 106 
 $ 
 233 
 $ 
 65 
 2026 
 936 
 111 
 225 
 63 
 2027 
 923 
 114 
 218 
 61 
 2028 
 913 
 120 
 205 
 58 
 2029 
 906 
 121 
 194 
 56 
 2030-2034 
 4,225 
 632 
 816 
 246 
 (1) Benefit payments expected to be made from the plan’s assets. 
 (2) Benefit payments expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets. 
 (3) Benefit payments (net of retiree contributions) expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
192
 193
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Corporation maintains qualified and nonqualified defined
 contribution retirement plans. The Corporation recorded expense
 of $1.3 billion in 2024 and $1.2 billion in both 2023 and 2022
 related to the qualified defined contribution plans. At December
 31, 2024 and 2023, 153 million and 178 million shares of the
 Corporation’s common stock were held by
 these plans.
 Payments to the plans for dividends on common stock were
 $165 million, $166 million and $153 million in 2024, 2023 and
 2022, respectively.
 Certain non-U.S. employees are covered under defined 
 contribution pension plans that are separately administered in 
 accordance with local laws. 
 NOTE 18 Stock-based Compensation Plans 
 The Corporation administers a number of equity compensation
 plans, with awards being granted predominantly from the Bank
 of America Corporation Equity Plan (BACEP). Under this plan,
 890 million shares of the Corporation’s common stock are
 authorized to be used for grants of awards.
 During 2024 and 2023, the Corporation granted 121 million
 and 115 million RSUs to certain employees under the BACEP.
 These RSUs were authorized to settle predominantly in shares
 of common stock of the Corporation. Certain RSUs will be
 settled in cash or contain settlement provisions that subject
 these awards to variable accounting whereby compensation
 expense is adjusted to fair value based on changes in the share
 price of the Corporation’s common stock up to the settlement
 date. The RSUs granted in 2024 and 2023 predominantly vest
 over four years in one-fourth increments on each of the first four
 anniversaries of the grant date, provided that the employee
 remains continuously employed with the Corporation during that
 time, and will be expensed ratably over the vesting period, net
 of estimated forfeitures, for non-retirement eligible employees
 based on the grant-date fair value of the shares. Of the RSUs
 granted in 2024 and 2023, 42 million in each year do not
 include retirement eligibility. For all other RSUs granted to
 employees who are retirement
 eligible,
 they
 are deemed
 authorized as of the beginning of the year preceding the grant
 date when the incentive award plans are generally approved. As
 a result, the estimated value is expensed ratably over the year
 preceding the grant date. The compensation cost for the stock
 based plans was $3.6 billion, $3.1 billion and $2.9 billion, and
 the related income tax benefit was $872 million, $733 million
 and $697 million for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At
 December 31, 2024, there was an estimated $4.3 billion of
 total unrecognized compensation cost related to certain share
 based compensation awards that is expected to be recognized
 generally over a period of up to four years, with a weighted
 average period of 2.4 years.
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 The total fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units
 vested in 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $2.6 billion, $2.6 billion
 and $3.4 billion, respectively. The table below presents the
 status at December 31, 2024 of the share-settled restricted
 stock and restricted stock units and changes during 2024.
 Stock-settled Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 
 Shares/Units 
 Weighted 
 average Grant 
 Date Fair Value 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2024 
 233,510,155 
 $ 
 37.17 
 Granted 
 117,371,236 
 32.61 
 Vested 
 (75,327,933) 
 36.27 
 Canceled 
 (10,529,794) 
 36.54 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2024 
 265,023,664 
 35.43 
 NOTE 19 Income Taxes 
 The components of income tax expense for 2024, 2023 and 
 2022 are presented in the table below. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Current income tax expense 
 U.S. federal 
 $ 
 1,188 
 $ 
 1,361 
 $ 
 1,157 
 U.S. state and local 
 603 
 559 
 389 
 Non-U.S. 
 2,065 
 1,918 
 1,156 
 Total current expense 
 3,856 
 3,838 
 2,702 
 Deferred income tax expense 
 U.S. federal 
 (2,271) 
 (2,241) 
 110 
 U.S. state and local 
 138 
 (53) 
 254 
 Non-U.S. 
 399 
 283 
 375 
 Total deferred expense 
 (1,734) 
 (2,011) 
 739 
 Total income tax expense 
 $ 
 2,122 
 $ 
 1,827 
 $ 
 3,441 
 Total income tax expense does not reflect the tax effects of
 items that
 are included in OCI
 each period.
 For
 more
 information, see Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Income (Loss). Other tax effects included in OCI each period
 resulted in an expense of $1.5 billion and $892 million in 2024
 and 2023 and a benefit of $4.9 billion in 2022. The increase in
 the federal deferred tax benefit in 2024 and 2023 was primarily
 driven by increased tax attribute carryforwards related to the
 Corporation’s investments in affordable housing and renewable
 energy partnerships and similar investments compared to 2022.
 Income tax expense for 2024, 2023 and 2022 varied from
 the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate
 to income before income taxes. The Corporation’s federal
 statutory tax rate was 21 percent for 2024, 2023 and 2022. A
 reconciliation of the expected U.S. federal income tax expense,
 calculated by applying the federal statutory tax rate, to the
 Corporation’s actual income tax expense, and the effective tax
 rates for 2024, 2023 and 2022 are presented in the following
 table.
 Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 Amount 
 Percent 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Expected U.S. federal income tax expense 
 $ 
 6,143 
 21.0 % $ 
 5,952 
 21.0 % $ 
 6,504 
 21.0 % 
 Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: 
 State tax expense, net of federal benefit 
 678 
 2.3 
 475 
 1.7 
 756 
 2.4 
 Affordable housing/energy/other credits 
 (5,100) 
 (17.4) 
 (4,920) 
 (17.4) 
 (3,698) 
 (11.9) 
 Tax-exempt income, including dividends 
 (416) 
 (1.4) 
 (373) 
 (1.3) 
 (273) 
 (0.9) 
 Tax law changes 
 —
 —
 (137) 
 (0.5) 
 186 
 0.6 
 Changes in prior-period UTBs, including interest 
 (99) 
 (0.3) 
 (26) 
 (0.1) 
 (273) 
 (0.9) 
 Rate differential on non-U.S. earnings 
 635 
 2.2 
 601 
 2.1 
 368 
 1.2 
 Nondeductible expenses 
 365 
 1.2 
 367 
 1.3 
 352 
 1.1 
 Other 
 (84) 
 (0.3) 
 (112) 
 (0.4) 
 (481) 
 (1.5) 
 Total income tax expense 
 $ 
 2,122 
 7.3 % $ 
 1,827 
 6.4 % $ 
 3,441 
 11.1 % 
 Tax Law changes reflect the impact of certain state 
 legislative enactments in 2023 of approximately $137 million 
 and the 2022 U.K. enacted corporate income tax rate change, 
 which resulted in a negative tax adjustment of approximately 
 $186 million, with corresponding adjustments of U.K. net 
 deferred tax assets. The U.K. net deferred tax assets are 
 primarily net operating losses (NOLs), incurred by the 
 Corporation’s U.K. broker-dealer entity in historical periods, 
 which do not expire under U.K. tax law and are assessed 
 regularly for impairment. If further U.K. tax law changes are 
 enacted, a corresponding income tax adjustment will be made 
 based on the amount of available net deferred tax assets and 
 applicable tax rate changes. 
 Tax credits originate from investments in affordable housing 
 and renewable energy partnerships and similar entities. 
 Significant increases in tax credits recognized in 2024 and 
 2023, compared to 2022, were primarily driven by the 
 Corporation’s growth in the volume of investments in wind and 
 solar energy production facilities. For more information, see 
 Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities. 
 The reconciliation of the beginning unrecognized tax benefits 
 (UTB) balance to the ending balance is presented in the table 
 below. 
 Reconciliation of the Change in Unrecognized Tax 
 Benefits 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Balance, January 1 
 $ 
 811 
 $ 
 1,056 
 $ 
 1,322 
 Increases related to positions taken 
 during the current year 
 55 
 76 
 121 
 Increases related to positions taken 
 during prior years (1) 
 39 
 139 
 167 
 Decreases related to positions 
 taken during prior years (1) 
 (134) 
 (32) 
 (289) 
 Settlements 
 (62) 
 (380) 
 (99) 
 Expiration of statute of limitations 
 (25) 
 (48) 
 (166) 
 Balance, December 31 
 $ 
 684 
 $ 
 811 
 $ 
 1,056 
 (1) The sum of the positions taken during prior years differs from the $(99) million, $(26) million
 and $(273) million in the Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense table due to temporary items,
 state items and jurisdictional offsets, as well as the inclusion of interest in the Reconciliation
 of Income Tax Expense table.
 At December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the balance of the
 Corporation’s UTBs which would, if recognized, affect the
 Corporation’s effective tax rate was $573 million, $671 million
 and $709 million, respectively. Included in the UTB balance are
 some items the recognition of which would not affect the
 effective tax rate, such as the tax effect of certain temporary
 differences, the portion of gross state UTBs that would be offset
 by the tax benefit of the associated federal deduction and the
 portion of gross non-U.S. UTBs that would be offset by tax
 reductions in other jurisdictions.
 It is reasonably possible that the UTB balance may decrease
 by as much as $217 million during the next 12 months, since
 resolved items will be removed from the balance whether their
 resolution results in payment or recognition.
 The Corporation recognized an interest benefit of $9 million
 in 2024, interest expense of $35 million in 2023 and interest
 benefit of $50 million in 2022. At December 31, 2024 and
 2023, the Corporation’s accrual for interest and penalties that
 related to income taxes, net of taxes and remittances, was
 $105 million and $134 million.
 The Corporation files income tax returns in more than 100 
 states and non-U.S. jurisdictions each year. The IRS and other 
 tax authorities in countries and states in which the Corporation 
 has significant business operations examine tax returns 
 periodically (continuously in some jurisdictions). The table below 
 summarizes the status of examinations by major jurisdiction for 
 the Corporation and various subsidiaries at December 31, 
 2024. 
 Tax Examination Status 
 Years under 
 Examination (1) 
 Status at 
 December 31, 2024 
 United States 
 2017-2021 
 Field Examination 
 California 
 2015-2017 
 Field Examination 
 California 
 2018-2021 
 Field Examination 
 New York 
 2019-2021 
 Field Examination 
 United Kingdom (2) 
 2021-2022 
 Field Examination 
 (1) All tax years subsequent to the years shown remain subject to examination. 
 (2) Field examination for tax year 2023 to begin in 2025. 
 Significant components of the Corporation’s net deferred tax 
 assets and liabilities at December 31, 2024 and 2023 are 
 presented in the following table. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
194
 195
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Deferred tax assets 
 Tax attribute carryforwards 
 $ 
11,863 
 $ 11,084 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 3,463 
 3,518 
 Security, loan and debt valuations 
 2,680 
 3,991 
 Lease liability 
 2,169 
 2,328 
 Employee compensation and retirement benefits 
 1,760 
 1,698 
 Accrued expenses 
 1,379 
 1,640 
 Other 
 1,983 
 1,475 
 Gross deferred tax assets 
 25,297 
 25,734 
 Valuation allowance 
 (2,361) 
 (2,108) 
 Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation 
 allowance 
 22,936 
 23,626 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Equipment lease financing 
 3,021 
 2,488 
 Right-of-use asset 
 2,025 
 2,180 
 Tax credit investments 
 1,921 
 1,884 
 Fixed assets 
 151 
 789 
 Other 
 1,769 
 1,913 
 Gross deferred tax liabilities 
 8,887 
 9,254 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 $ 
14,049 
 $ 14,372 
 The table below summarizes the deferred tax assets and 
 related valuation allowances recognized for the net operating 
 loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2024. 
 Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforward Deferred 
 Tax Assets 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Deferred 
 Tax Asset 
 Valuation 
 Allowance 
 Net 
 Deferred 
 Tax Asset 
 First Year 
 Expiring 
 Net operating losses 
 U.K. (1) 
 $ 
 7,519 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 7,519 
 None 
 Net operating losses 
 other non-U.S. 
 135 
 (41) 
 94 
 Various 
 Net operating losses 
 U.S. states (2) 
 525 
 (363) 
 162 
 Various 
 General business 
 credits 
 2,861 
 —
 2,861 
 Various 
 Foreign tax credits 
 823 
 (823) 
 —
 After 2028 
 (1) Represents U.K. broker-dealer net operating losses that may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 (2) The net operating losses and related valuation allowances for U.S. states before considering 
 the benefit of federal deductions were $664 million and $459 million. 
 Management concluded that no valuation allowance was 
 necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets related to the U.K. 
 NOL carryforwards and U.S. federal and certain state NOL 
 carryforwards since estimated future taxable income will be 
 sufficient to utilize these assets prior to their expiration. 
 Additionally, the Corporation has U.K. net deferred tax assets, 
 which consist primarily of NOLs that are expected to be realized 
 in a U.K. subsidiary over an extended number of years. 
 Management’s conclusion is supported by financial results, 
 profit forecasts for the relevant entity and the indefinite period 
 to carry forward NOLs. However, a material change in those 
 estimates could lead management to reassess such valuation 
 allowance conclusions. 
 At December 31, 2024, U.S. federal income taxes had not
 been provided on approximately $5.0 billion of temporary
 differences 
 associated 
 with 
 investments 
 in 
 non-U.S.
 subsidiaries that are essentially permanent in duration. If the
 Corporation were to record the associated deferred tax liability,
 the amount would be approximately $1.0 billion.
 NOTE 20 Fair Value Measurements 
 Under applicable accounting standards, fair value is defined as
 the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid
 to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
 advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants on the measurement
 date. The Corporation determines the fair values of its financial
 instruments under applicable accounting standards that require
 an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize
 the use of unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its
 financial instruments into three levels based on the established
 fair value hierarchy and conducts a review of fair value hierarchy
 classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of fair
 value hierarchy classifications are made if the significant inputs
 used in financial models measuring the fair values of the assets
 and liabilities become unobservable or observable, respectively,
 in the current marketplace, or when previously insignificant
 unobservable and observable inputs become significant,
 respectively. For more information regarding the fair value
 hierarchy and how the Corporation measures fair value, see
 Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. The
 Corporation accounts for certain financial instruments under the
 fair value option. For more information, see Note 21 – Fair Value
 Option.
 Valuation Techniques 
 The following sections outline the valuation methodologies for 
 the Corporation’s assets and liabilities. While the Corporation 
 believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent 
 with 
 other 
 market 
 participants, 
 the 
 use 
 of 
 different 
 methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of 
 certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate 
 of fair value at the reporting date. 
 During 2024, there were no significant changes to valuation
 approaches or techniques that had, or are expected to have, a
 material impact on the Corporation’s consolidated financial
 position or results of operations.
 Trading Account Assets and Liabilities and Debt Securities 
 The fair values of trading account assets and liabilities are 
 primarily based on actively traded markets where prices are 
 based on either direct market quotes or observed transactions. 
 The fair values of debt securities are generally based on quoted 
 market prices or market prices for similar assets. Liquidity is a 
 significant factor in the determination of the fair values of 
 trading account assets and liabilities and debt securities. 
 Market price quotes may not be readily available for some 
 positions such as positions within a market sector where 
 trading activity has slowed significantly or ceased. Some of 
 these instruments are valued using a discounted cash flow 
 model, which estimates the fair value of the securities using 
 internal credit risk, and interest rate and prepayment risk 
 models that incorporate management’s best estimate of current 
 key assumptions such as default rates, loss severity and 
 prepayment rates. Principal and interest cash flows are 
 discounted using an observable discount rate for similar 
 instruments with adjustments that management believes a 
 market participant would consider in determining fair value for 
 the specific security. Other instruments are valued using a net 
 asset value approach that considers the value of the underlying 
 securities. Underlying assets are valued using external pricing 
 services, where available, or matrix pricing based on the 
 vintages and ratings. Situations of illiquidity generally are 
 triggered by the market’s perception of credit uncertainty 
 regarding a single company or a specific market sector. In these 
 instances, fair value is determined based on limited available 
 market information and other factors, principally from reviewing 
 the issuer’s financial statements and changes in credit ratings 
 made by one or more rating agencies. 
 Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 The fair values of derivative assets and liabilities traded in the 
 OTC market are determined using quantitative models that 
 utilize multiple market inputs including interest rates, prices and 
 indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves and 
 volatility factors to value the position. The majority of market 
 inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external 
 sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-party 
 pricing services. When third-party pricing services are used, the 
 methods and assumptions are reviewed by the Corporation. 
 Estimation risk is greater for derivative asset and liability 
 positions that are either option-based or have longer maturity 
 dates where observable market inputs are less readily available, 
 or are unobservable, in which case, quantitative-based 
 extrapolations of rate, price or index scenarios are used in 
 determining fair values. The fair values of derivative assets and 
 liabilities include adjustments for market liquidity, counterparty 
 credit quality and other instrument-specific factors, where 
 appropriate. In addition, the Corporation incorporates within its 
 fair value measurements of OTC derivatives a valuation 
 adjustment to reflect the credit risk associated with the net 
 position. Positions are netted by counterparty, and fair value for 
 net long exposures is adjusted for counterparty credit risk while 
 the fair value for net short exposures is adjusted for the 
 Corporation’s own credit risk. The Corporation also incorporates 
 FVA within its fair value measurements to include funding costs 
 on uncollateralized derivatives and derivatives where the 
 Corporation is not permitted to use the collateral it receives. An 
 estimate of severity of loss is also used in the determination of 
 fair value, primarily based on market data. 
 Loans and Loan Commitments 
 The fair values of loans and loan commitments are based on 
 market prices, where available, or discounted cash flow 
 analyses using market-based credit spreads of comparable debt 
 instruments or credit derivatives of the specific borrower or 
 comparable borrowers. Results of discounted cash flow 
 analyses may be adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect other 
 market conditions or the perceived credit risk of the borrower. 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights 
 The fair values of MSRs are primarily determined using an 
 option-adjusted spread valuation approach, which factors in 
 prepayment risk to determine the fair value of MSRs. This 
 approach consists of projecting servicing cash flows under 
 multiple interest rate scenarios and discounting these cash 
 flows using risk-adjusted discount rates. 
 Loans Held-for-sale 
 The fair values of LHFS are based on quoted market prices, 
 where available, or are determined by discounting estimated 
 cash flows using interest rates approximating the Corporation’s 
 current origination rates for similar loans adjusted to reflect the 
 inherent credit risk. The borrower-specific credit risk is 
 embedded within the market prices, where available, or is 
 implied by considering loan performance when selecting 
 comparables. 
 Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt 
 The Corporation issues structured liabilities that have coupons 
 or repayment terms linked to the performance of debt or equity 
 securities, interest rates, indices, currencies or commodities. 
 The fair values of these structured liabilities are estimated using 
 quantitative models for the combined derivative and debt 
 portions of the notes. These models incorporate observable 
 and, in some instances, unobservable inputs including security 
 prices, interest rate yield curves, option volatility, currency, 
 commodity or equity rates and correlations among these inputs. 
 The Corporation also considers the impact of its own credit 
 spread in determining the discount rate used to value these 
 liabilities. The credit spread is determined by reference to 
 observable spreads in the secondary bond market. 
 Securities Financing Agreements 
 The fair values of certain reverse repurchase agreements, 
 repurchase agreements and securities borrowed transactions 
 are determined using quantitative models, including discounted 
 cash flow models that require the use of multiple market inputs 
 including interest rates and spreads to generate continuous 
 yield or pricing curves, and volatility factors. The majority of 
 market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through 
 external sources, including brokers, market transactions and 
 third-party pricing services. 
 Deposits 
 The fair values of deposits are determined using quantitative 
 models, including discounted cash flow models that require the 
 use of multiple market inputs including interest rates and 
 spreads to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, and 
 volatility factors. The majority of market inputs are actively 
 quoted and can be validated through external sources, including 
 brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services. 
 The Corporation considers the impact of its own credit spread in 
 the valuation of these liabilities. The credit risk is determined by 
 reference to observable credit spreads in the secondary cash 
 market. 
 Asset-backed Secured Financings 
 The fair values of asset-backed secured financings are based on 
 external broker bids, where available, or are determined by 
 discounting 
 estimated 
 cash 
 flows 
 using 
 interest 
 rates 
 approximating the Corporation’s current origination rates for 
 similar loans, adjusted to reflect the inherent credit risk. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
196
 197
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recurring Fair Value 
 Assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2024 and 2023, including financial instruments that
 the Corporation accounts for under the fair value option, are summarized in the following tables.
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 ir
Fa Value Measurements 
 Netting 
 Adjustments (1) 
 Assets/Liabilities 
 at Fair Value 
Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Assets 
 Time deposits placed and other short-term investments 
 $ 
 1,318 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1,318 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under 
 agreements to resell 
 —
 521,878 
 —
 (377,377) 
 144,501 
 Trading account assets: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 66,582 
 3,940 
 —
 —
 70,522 
 Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 —
 43,222 
 1,814 
 —
 45,036 
 Equity securities 
 66,783 
 36,450 
 374 
 —
 103,607 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 3,017 
 36,763 
 344 
 —
 40,124 
 Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS: 
 U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed 
 —
 43,850 
 5 
 —
 43,855 
 Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS 
 —
 10,343 
 973 
 —
 11,316 
 Total trading account assets (2) 
 136,382 
 174,568 
 3,510 
 —
 314,460 
 Derivative assets 
 14,626 
 289,940 
 3,562 
 (267,180) 
 40,948 
 AFS debt securities: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 233,671 
 908 
 —
 —
 234,579 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 Agency 
 —
 31,202 
 —
 —
 31,202 
 Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 
 —
 19,318 
 —
 —
 19,318 
 Non-agency residential 
 —
 38 
 247 
 —
 285 
 Commercial 
 —
 25,274 
 328 
 —
 25,602 
 Non-U.S. securities 
 75 
 22,320 
 36 
 —
 22,431 
 Other taxable securities 
 —
 4,603 
 —
 —
 4,603 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 —
 8,412 
 —
 —
 8,412 
 Total AFS debt securities 
 233,746 
 112,075 
 611 
 —
 346,432 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 3,885 
 —
 —
 —
 3,885 
 Non-agency residential MBS 
 —
 101 
 149 
 —
 250 
 Non-U.S. and other securities 
 854 
 7,186 
 —
 —
 8,040 
 Total other debt securities carried at fair value 
 4,739 
 7,287 
 149 
 —
 12,175 
 Loans and leases 
 —
 4,167 
 82 
 —
 4,249 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 —
 2,082 
 132 
 —
 2,214 
 Other assets (3) 
 8,279 
 2,928 
 1,969 
 —
 13,176 
 Total assets (4) 
 $ 
 399,090 
 $ 
 1,114,925 
 $ 
 10,015 
 $ 
 (644,557) $ 
 879,473 
 Liabilities 
 Interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 310 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 310 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under 
 agreements to repurchase 
 —
 570,236 
 —
 (377,377) 
 192,859 
 Trading account liabilities: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 16,408 
 195 
 —
 —
 16,603 
 Equity securities 
 40,066 
 4,843 
 10 
 —
 44,919 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 2,727 
 17,279 
 —
 —
 20,006 
 Corporate securities and other 
 —
 10,871 
 110 
 —
 10,981 
 Mortgage trading loans and ABS 
 —
 34 
 —
 —
 34 
 Total trading account liabilities 
 59,201 
 33,222 
 120 
 —
 92,543 
 Derivative liabilities 
 15,354 
 284,810 
 5,523 
 (266,334) 
 39,353 
 Short-term borrowings 
 —
 6,245 
 —
 —
 6,245 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 9,113 
 3,997 
 89 
 —
 13,199 
 Long-term debt 
 —
 49,452 
 553 
 —
 50,005 
 Total liabilities (4) 
 $ 
 83,668 
 $ 
 948,272 
 $ 
 6,285 
 $ 
 (643,711) $ 
 394,514 
 (1) Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties. 
 (2) Includes securities with a fair value of $18.3 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the
 parenthetical disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Trading account assets also includes certain commodities inventory of $99 million that is accounted for at the lower of cost or net
 realizable value, which is the current selling price less any costs to sell.
 (3) Includes MSRs, which are classified as Level 3 assets, of $972 million. 
 (4) Total recurring Level 3 assets were 0.31 percent of total consolidated assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities were 0.21 percent of total consolidated liabilities. 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2023 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Netting 
 Adjustments (1) 
 Assets/Liabilities 
 at Fair Value 
Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Assets 
 Time deposits placed and other short-term investments 
 $ 
 1,181 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 1,181 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under 
 agreements to resell 
 —
 436,340 
 —
 (303,287) 
 133,053 
 Trading account assets: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 65,160 
 1,963 
 —
 —
 67,123 
 Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 —
 41,462 
 1,689 
 —
 43,151 
 Equity securities 
 47,431 
 41,380 
 187 
 —
 88,998 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 5,517 
 21,195 
 396 
 —
 27,108 
 Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS: 
 U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed 
 —
 38,802 
 2 
 —
 38,804 
 Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS 
 —
 10,955 
 1,215 
 —
 12,170 
 Total trading account assets (2) 
 118,108 
 155,757 
 3,489 
 —
 277,354 
 Derivative assets 
 14,676 
 272,244 
 3,422 
 (251,019) 
 39,323 
 AFS debt securities: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 176,764 
 902 
 —
 —
 177,666 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 Agency 
 —
 37,812 
 —
 —
 37,812 
 Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 
 —
 2,544 
 —
 —
 2,544 
 Non-agency residential 
 —
 109 
 273 
 —
 382 
 Commercial 
 —
 10,435 
 —
 —
 10,435 
 Non-U.S. securities 
 1,093 
 21,679 
 103 
 —
 22,875 
 Other taxable securities 
 —
 4,835 
 —
 —
 4,835 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 —
 10,100 
 —
 —
 10,100 
 Total AFS debt securities 
 177,857 
 88,416 
 376 
 —
 266,649 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 1,690 
 —
 —
 —
 1,690 
 Non-agency residential MBS 
 —
 211 
 69 
 —
 280 
 Non-U.S. and other securities 
 1,786 
 6,447 
 —
 —
 8,233 
 Total other debt securities carried at fair value 
 3,476 
 6,658 
 69 
 —
 10,203 
 Loans and leases 
 —
 3,476 
 93 
 —
 3,569 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 —
 1,895 
 164 
 —
 2,059 
 Other assets (3) 
 8,052 
 2,152 
 1,657 
 —
 11,861 
 Total assets (4) 
 $ 
 323,350 
 $ 
 966,938 
 $ 
 9,270 
 $ 
 (554,306) $ 
 745,252 
 Liabilities 
 Interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 284 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 284 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under 
 agreements to repurchase 
 —
 481,896 
 —
 (303,287) 
 178,609 
 Trading account liabilities: 
 U.S. Treasury and government agencies 
 14,908 
 65 
 —
 —
 14,973 
 Equity securities 
 51,772 
 4,710 
 12 
 —
 56,494 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 9,390 
 6,997 
 —
 —
 16,387 
 Corporate securities and other 
 —
 7,637 
 39 
 —
 7,676 
 Total trading account liabilities 
 76,070 
 19,409 
 51 
 —
 95,530 
 Derivative liabilities 
 14,375 
 280,908 
 5,916 
 (257,767) 
 43,432 
 Short-term borrowings 
 —
 4,680 
 10 
 —
 4,690 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 8,969 
 2,483 
 21 
 —
 11,473 
 Long-term debt 
 —
 42,195 
 614 
 —
 42,809 
 Total liabilities (4) 
 $ 
 99,414 
 $ 
 831,855 
 $ 
 6,612 
 $ 
 (561,054) $ 
 376,827 
 (1) Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties. 
 (2) Includes securities with a fair value of $18.0 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the
 parenthetical disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Trading account assets also includes certain commodities inventory of $42 million that is accounted for at the lower of cost or net
 realizable value, which is the current selling price less any costs to sell.
 (3) Includes MSRs, which are classified as Level 3 assets, of $970 million. 
 (4) Total recurring Level 3 assets were 0.29 percent of total consolidated assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities were 0.23 percent of total consolidated liabilities. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
198
 199
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
s
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 - 
 
 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of all assets
 and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using
 significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during 2024, 2023 and
 2022, including net realized and unrealized gains (losses)
 included in earnings and accumulated OCI. Transfers into Level
 3 occur primarily due to decreased price observability, and
 transfers out of Level 3 occur primarily due to increased price
 observability. Transfers occur on a regular basis for long-term
 debt instruments due to changes in the impact of unobservable
 inputs on the value of the embedded derivative in relation to the
 instrument as a whole.
 Level 3 – Fair Value Measurements (1) 
 Balance 
 January 1 
 Total 
 Realized/ 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 (Losses) in 
 Net Income (2) 
 Gains 
 (Losses) 
 in OCI (3) 
 r
G oss 
 Gross 
 Transfers 
 into 
 Level 3 
 Gross 
 Transfers 
 out of 
 Level 3 
 Balance 
 December 31 
 Change in 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 (Losses) in 
 Net Income 
 Related to 
 Financial 
 Instruments 
 Still Held (2) 
 Purchases 
Sales 
Issuances Settlement 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 
 Trading account assets: 
 Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 $ 1,689 $ 
 87 $ 
 (6) $ 
1,128 $ (913) $ 
 44 $ 
 (1,158) $ 1,125 $ 
 (182) $ 
 1,814 $ 
 324 
 Equity securities 
 187 
 50 
 —
 255 
 (65) 
 —
 (62) 
 62 
 (53) 
 374 
 (12) 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 396 
 (1) 
 (57) 
 82 
 (16) 
 —
 (79) 
 19 
 —
 344 
 —
 Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 1,217 
 (151) 
 —
 420 
 (617) 
 —
 (63) 
 369 
 (197) 
 978 
 (172) 
 Total trading account assets 
 3,489 
 (15) 
 (63) 
 1,885 (1,611) 
 44 
 (1,362) 
 1,575 
 (432) 
 3,510 
 140 
 Net derivative assets (liabilities) (4) 
 (2,494) 
 1,035 
 —
 1,104 (1,338) 
 —
 (576) 
 (696) 
 1,004 
 (1,961) 
 (132) 
 AFS debt securities: 
 Non-agency residential MBS 
 273 
 8 
 57 
 —
 —
 —
 (152) 
 191 
 (130) 
 247 
 6 
 Commercial MBS 
 —
 (8) 
 1 
 338 
 —
 —
 (3) 
 —
 —
 328 
 (8) 
 Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 
 103 
 (1) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (66) 
 7 
 (7) 
 36 
 1 
 Total AFS debt securities 
 376 
 (1) 
 58 
 338 
 —
 —
 (221) 
 198 
 (137) 
 611 
 (1) 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value – Non 
 agency residential MBS 
 69 
 5 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (27) 
 118 
 (16) 
 149 
 (1) 
 Loans and leases (5 ,6) 
 93 
 1 
 —
 —
 —
 1 
 (13) 
 —
 —
 82 
 —
 Loans held-for-sale (5 ,6) 
 164 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 25 
 —
 1 
 (45) 
 —
 —
 132 
 (15) 
 Other assets (6 ,7) 
 1,657 
 279 
 (52) 
 272 
 (6) 
 139 
 (321) 
 1 
 —
 1,969 
 47 
 Trading account liabilities – Equity securities 
 (12) 
 9 
 —
 —
 (4) 
 —
 7 
 (21) 
 11 
 (10) 
 6 
 Trading account liabilities – Corporate securities 
 and other 
 (39) 
 (55) 
 —
 (7) 
 (15) 
 (3) 
 26 
 (17) 
 —
 (110) 
 (69) 
 Short-term borrowings (5) 
 (10) 
 1 
 —
 —
 —
 (9) 
 18 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (5) 
 (21) 
 (234) 
 —
 165 
 —
 —
 1 
 —
 —
 (89) 
 (224) 
 Long-term debt (5) 
 (614) 
 64 
 (25) 
 —
 —
 —
 23 
 (1) 
 —
 (553) 
 65 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or 
 purchased under agreements to resell 
 $ 
 —
$ 
 —
$ 
 —
$ 
 —
$ 
—
$ 
 —
$ 
 —
$ 
 7 $ 
 (7) $ 
 —
$ 
 —
 Trading account assets: 
 Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 2,384 
 144 
 2 
 453 
 (241) 
 20 
 (1,029) 
 385 
 (429) 
 1,689 
 50 
 Equity securities 
 145 
 44 
 —
 39 
 (52) 
 —
 (61) 
 153 
 (81) 
 187 
 (5) 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 518 
 68 
 30 
 64 
 (23) 
 —
 (259) 
 —
 (2) 
 396 
 70 
 Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 1,552 
 (50) 
 —
 263 
 (417) 
 —
 (241) 
 436 
 (326) 
 1,217 
 (71) 
 Total trading account assets 
 4,599 
 206 
 32 
 819 
 (733) 
 20 
 (1,590) 
 974 
 (838) 
 3,489 
 44 
 Net derivative assets (liabilities) (4) 
 (2,893) 
 179 
 (375) 
 1,318 (1,281) 
 —
 (1,575) 
 (8) 
 2,141 
 (2,494) 
 (857) 
 AFS debt securities: 
 Non-agency residential MBS 
 258 
 1 
 23 
 —
 —
 —
 (9) 
 —
 —
 273 
 2 
 Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 
 195 
 10 
 7 
 —
 —
 —
 (106) 
 4 
 (7) 
 103 
 2 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 51 
 1 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (52) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Total AFS debt securities 
 504 
 12 
 30 
 —
 —
 —
 (167) 
 4 
 (7) 
 376 
 4 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value – Non 
 agency residential MBS 
 119 
 (4) 
 —
 —
 (19) 
 —
 (6) 
 —
 (21) 
 69 
 (3) 
 Loans and leases (5 ,6) 
 253 
 (9) 
 —
 9 
 (54) 
 —
 (100) 
 16 
 (22) 
 93 
 (13) 
 Loans held-for-sale (5 ,6) 
 232 
 24 
 3 
 —
 (25) 
 —
 (70) 
 —
 —
 164 
 13 
 Other assets (6 ,7) 
 1,799 
 211 
 10 
 176 
 (326) 
 104 
 (319) 
 2 
 —
 1,657 
 74 
 Trading account liabilities – Equity securities 
 —
 1 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 2 
 (15) 
 —
 (12) 
 1 
 Trading account liabilities – Corporate securities 
 and other 
 (58) 
 (3) 
 —
 (3) 
 (1) 
 (1) 
 24 
 (35) 
 38 
 (39) 
 (9) 
 Short-term borrowings (5) 
 (14) 
 1 
 —
 —
 (13) 
 (8) 
 24 
 —
 —
 (10) 
 (1) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (5) 
 (32) 
 21 
 —
 (11) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 1 
 (21) 
 4 
 Long-term debt (5) 
 (862) 
 179 
 (26) 
 (9) 
 50 
 —
 47 
 —
 7 
 (614) 
 183 
 (1) Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3. 
 (2) Includes gains (losses) reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - market making and similar activities and other income; Net derivative
 assets (liabilities) - market making and similar activities and other income; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases - market
 making and similar activities and other income; Loans held-for-sale - market making and similar activities and other income; Other assets - market making and similar activities and other income
 primarily related to MSRs; Short-term borrowings - market making and similar activities; Accrued expenses and other liabilities - other income; Long-term debt - market making and similar
 activities.
 (3) Includes unrealized gains (losses) in OCI on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments, derivatives designated in cash flow hedges and the impact of changes in the
 Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized losses of $104 million and $324 million related to financial instruments
 still held at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 (4) Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $3.6 billion and $3.4 billion and derivative liabilities of $5.5 billion and $5.9 billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (5) Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option. 
 (6) Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales. 
 (7) Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time. 
 Level 3 – Fair Value Measurements (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Balance 
 January 1 
 Total 
 Realized/ 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 (Losses) in 
 Net 
 Income (2) 
 Gains 
 (Losses) 
 in OCI (3) 
 Gross 
 Gross 
 Transfers 
 into 
 Level 3 
 Gross 
 Transfers 
 out of 
 Level 3 
 Balance 
 December 31 
 Change in 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 (Losses) in 
 Net Income 
 Related to 
 Financial 
 Instruments 
 Still Held (2) 
Purchases 
 Sales 
 Issuances Settlements 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Trading account assets: 
 Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
$ 2,110 $ 
 (52) $ 
 (2) $ 1,069 $ (384) $ 
 —
$ 
 (606) $ 1,023 $ 
(774) $ 
 2,384 $ 
 (78) 
 Equity securities 
 190 
 (3) 
 —
 45 
 (25) 
 —
 (4) 
 38 
 (96) 
 145 
 (6) 
 Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 396 
 59 
 16 
 54 
 (4) 
 —
 (68) 
 75 
 (10) 
 518 
 56 
 Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 1,527 
 (254) 
 —
 729 
 (665) 
 —
 (112) 
 536 
 (209) 
 1,552 
 (152) 
 Total trading account assets 
 4,223 
 (250) 
 14 
 1,897 (1,078) 
 —
 (790) 
 1,672 
 (1,089) 
 4,599 
 (180) 
 Net derivative assets (liabilities) (4) 
 (2,662) 
 551 
 —
 319 
 (830) 
 —
 294 
 (180) 
 (385) 
 (2,893) 
 259 
 AFS debt securities: 
 Non-agency residential MBS 
 316 
 —
 (35) 
 —
 (8) 
 —
 (75) 
 73 
 (13) 
 258 
 —
 Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 
 71 
 10 
 (10) 
 126 
 —
 —
 (22) 
 311 
 (291) 
 195 
 1 
 Tax-exempt securities 
 52 
 —
 1 
 —
 —
 —
 (3) 
 1 
 —
 51 
 —
 Total AFS debt securities 
 439 
 10 
 (44) 
 126 
 (8) 
 —
 (100) 
 385 
 (304) 
 504 
 1 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non 
 agency residential MBS 
 242 
 (19) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (111) 
 30 
 (23) 
 119 
 14 
 Loans and leases (5 ,6) 
 748 
 (45) 
 —
 —
 (154) 
 82 
 (129) 
 —
 (249) 
 253 
 (21) 
 Loans held-for-sale (5 ,6) 
 317 
 9 
 4 
 171 
 (6) 
 —
 (271) 
 8 
 —
 232 
 19 
 Other assets (6 ,7) 
 1,572 
 305 
 (21) 
 39 
 (35) 
 208 
 (271) 
 5 
 (3) 
 1,799 
 213 
 Trading account liabilities – Corporate 
 securities and other 
 (11) 
 5 
 —
 (4) 
 —
 —
 (2) 
 (46) 
 —
 (58) 
 1 
 Short-term borrowings (5) 
 —
 3 
 —
 —
 (17) 
 —
 —
 (3) 
 3 
 (14) 
 2 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities (6) 
 —
 (23) 
 —
 (9) 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 (32) 
 (7) 
 Long-term debt (5) 
 (1,075) 
 (197) 
 82 
 —
 14 
 (1) 
 57 
 (24) 
 282 
 (862) 
 (200) 
 (1) Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3. 
 (2) Includes gains (losses) reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - predominantly market making and similar activities; Net derivative
 assets (liabilities) - market making and similar activities and other income; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases - market
 making and similar activities and other income; Loans held-for-sale - other income; Other assets - market making and similar activities and other income primarily related to MSRs; Long-term debt
 market making and similar activities.
 (3) Includes unrealized losses in OCI on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for
 under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized gains of $28 million related to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2022.
 (4) Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $3.2 billion and derivative liabilities of $6.1 billion. 
 (5) Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option. 
 (6) Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales. 
 (7) Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
200
 201
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The following tables present information about significant unobservable inputs related to the Corporation’s material categories of
 Level 3 financial assets and liabilities at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2024 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Financial Instrument 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Valuation 
 Technique 
 Inputs 
 Weighted 
 Average (1) 
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 Ranges of 
 Inputs 
 Loans and Securities (2) 
 Instruments backed by residential real estate assets 
 $ 
 636 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables 
 Yield 
 0% to 20% 
 9% 
 Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 163 
 Prepayment speed 
 0% to 43% CPR 
 8% CPR 
 Loans and leases 
 77 
 Default rate 
 0% to 6% CDR 
 6% CDR 
 AFS debt securities – Non-agency residential 
 247 
 Price 
 $0 to $115 
 $74 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value – Non-agency residential 
 149 
 Loss severity 
 0% to 76% 
 24% 
 Instruments backed by commercial real estate assets 
 $ 
 555 
 Discounted cash 
 flow 
 Yield 
 1% 
 n/a 
 Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 185 
 Price 
 $0 to $103 
 $84 
 Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 42 
 AFS debt securities – Commercial 
 328 
 Commercial loans, debt securities and other 
 $ 
 2,919 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables 
 Yield 
 4% to 37% 
 17% 
 Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 1,629 
 Prepayment speed 
 20% 
 n/a 
 Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 344 
 Default rate 
 2% 
 n/a 
 Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 773 
 Loss severity 
 30% 
 n/a 
 AFS debt securities – Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 
 36 
 Price 
 $0 to $135 
 $69 
 Loans and leases 
 5 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 132 
 Other assets, primarily auction rate securities 
 $ 
 997 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables 
 Price 
 $10 to $95 
 $86 
 Discount rate 
 8% to 11% 
 9% 
 MSRs 
 $ 
 972 
 Discounted cash 
 flow 
 Weighted-average life, fixed rate (5) 
 0 to 13 years 
 6 years 
 Weighted-average life, variable rate (5) 
 0 to 12 years 
 3 years 
 Option-adjusted spread, fixed rate 
 7% to 14% 
 9% 
 Option-adjusted spread, variable rate 
 9% to 15% 
 11% 
 Structured liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 $ 
 (553) 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables 
 Yield 
 18% to 22% 
 21% 
 Price 
 $32 to $100 
 $91 
 Natural gas forward price 
 $2/MMBtu to $7/MMBtu $4 /MMBtu 
 Net derivative assets (liabilities) 
 Credit derivatives 
 $ 
 (6) 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Stochastic 
 recovery correlation 
 model 
 Credit spreads 
 3 to 298 bps 
 63 bps 
 Prepayment speed 
 15% CPR 
 n/a 
 Default rate 
 2% CDR 
 n/a 
 Credit correlation 
 29% to 63% 
 49% 
 Price 
 $0 to $99 
 $94 
 Equity derivatives 
 $ 
 (869) 
 Industry standard 
 derivative pricing (3) 
 Equity correlation 
 0% to 100% 
 59% 
 Long-dated equity volatilities 
 1% to 87% 
 33% 
 Commodity derivatives 
 $ 
 (740) 
 Discounted cash 
 flow 
 Natural gas forward price 
 $2/MMBtu to $7/MMBtu 
 $4/MMBtu 
 Power forward price 
 $22 to $104 
 $48 
 Interest rate derivatives 
 $ 
 (346) 
 Industry standard 
 derivative pricing (4) 
 Correlation (IR/IR) 
 (35)% to 70% 
 50% 
 Correlation (FX/IR) 
 (25)% to 58% 
 27% 
 Long-dated inflation rates 
 (1)% to 21% 
 3% 
 Long-dated inflation volatilities 
 0% to 5% 
 3% 
 Interest rate volatilities 
 (1)% to 1% 
 0% 
 Total net derivative assets (liabilities) 
 $ (1,961) 
 (1) For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments. 
 (2) The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 196: Trading
 account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $1.8 billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $344 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans,
 MBS and ABS of $978 million, AFS debt securities of $611 million, Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential of $149 million, Other assets, including MSRs, of $2.0
 billion, Loans and leases of $82 million and LHFS of $132 million.
 (3) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes. 
 (4) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates. 
 (5) The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions. 
 CPR = Constant Prepayment Rate 
 CDR = Constant Default Rate 
 MMBtu = Million British thermal units 
 IR = Interest Rate 
 FX = Foreign Exchange 
 n/a = not applicable 
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Financial Instrument 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Valuation 
 Technique 
 Inputs 
 Weighted 
 Average (1) 
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 Ranges of 
 Inputs 
 Loans and Securities (2) 
 Instruments backed by residential real estate assets 
 $ 
 538 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables 
 Yield 
 0% to 22% 
 9% 
 Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 109 
 Prepayment speed 
 1% to 42% CPR 
 10% CPR 
 Loans and leases 
 87 
 Default rate 
 0% to 3% CDR 
 1% CDR 
 AFS debt securities - Non-agency residential 
 273 
 Price 
 $0 to $115 
 $70 
 Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential 
 69 
 Loss severity 
 0% to 100% 
 27% 
 Instruments backed by commercial real estate assets 
 $ 
 363 
 Discounted cash 
 flow 
 Yield 
 0% to 25% 
 12% 
 Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 301 
 Price 
 $0 to $100 
 $75 
 Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 62 
 Commercial loans, debt securities and other 
 $ 
 3,103 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables 
 Yield 
 5% to 59% 
 13% 
 Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other 
 1,388 
 Prepayment speed 
 10% to 20% 
 16% 
 Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt 
 396 
 Default rate 
 3% to 4% 
 4% 
 Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 
 1,046 
 Loss severity 
 35% to 40% 
 37% 
 AFS debt securities – Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 
 103 
 Price 
 $0 to $157 
 $70 
 Loans and leases 
 6 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 164 
 Other assets, primarily auction rate securities 
 $ 
 687 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables 
 Price 
 $10 to $95 
 $85 
 Discount rate 
 10% 
 n/a 
 MSRs 
 $ 
 970 
 Discounted cash 
 flow 
 Weighted-average life, fixed rate (5) 
 0 to 14 years 
 6 years 
 Weighted-average life, variable rate (5) 
 0 to 11 years 
 3 years 
 Option-adjusted spread, fixed rate 
 7% to 14% 
 9% 
 Option-adjusted spread, variable rate 
 9% to 15% 
 12% 
 Structured liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 $ 
 (614) 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Market 
 comparables, 
 Industry standard 
 derivative pricing (3) 
 Yield 
 58% 
 n/a 
 Equity correlation 
 5% to 97% 
 25% 
 Price 
 $0 to $100 
 $90 
 Natural gas forward price 
 $1/MMBtu to $7/MMBtu 
 $4/MMBtu 
 Net derivative assets (liabilities) 
 Credit derivatives 
 $ 
 9 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Stochastic 
 recovery correlation 
 model 
 Credit spreads 
 2 to 79 bps 
 59 bps 
 Prepayment speed 
 15% CPR 
 n/a 
 Default rate 
 2% CDR 
 n/a 
 Credit correlation 
 22% to 62% 
 58% 
 Price 
 $0 to $94 
 $87 
 Equity derivatives 
 $ (1,386) 
 Industry standard 
 derivative pricing (3) 
 Equity correlation 
 0% to 99% 
 67% 
 Long-dated equity volatilities 
 4% to 102% 
 34% 
 Commodity derivatives 
 $ 
 (633) 
 Discounted cash 
 flow, Industry 
 standard derivative 
 pricing (3) 
 Natural gas forward price 
 $1/MMBtu to $7/MMBtu 
 $4/MMBtu 
 Power forward price 
 $21 to $91 
 $42 
 Interest rate derivatives 
 $ 
 (484) 
 Industry standard
 derivative pricing (4) 
 Correlation (IR/IR) 
 (35)% to 89% 
 65% 
 Correlation (FX/IR) 
 (25)% to 58% 
 35% 
 Long-dated inflation rates 
 G(1)% to 11% 
 0% 
 Long-dated inflation volatilities 
 0% to 5% 
 2% 
 Interest rates volatilities 
 0% to 2% 
 1% 
 Total net derivative assets (liabilities) 
 $ (2,494) 
 (1) For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments. 
 (2) The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 197: Trading
 account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $1.7 billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $396 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans,
 MBS and ABS of $1.2 billion, AFS debt securities of $376 million, Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential of $69 million, Other assets, including MSRs, of $1.7 billion,
 Loans and leases of $93 million and LHFS of $164 million.
 (3) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes. 
 (4) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates. 
 (5) The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions. 
 CPR = Constant Prepayment Rate 
 CDR = Constant Default Rate 
 MMBtu = Million British thermal units 
 IR = Interest Rate 
 FX = Foreign Exchange 
 n/a = not applicable 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
202
 203
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 r 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 In the previous tables, instruments backed by residential and 
 commercial real estate assets include RMBS, commercial MBS, 
 whole loans and mortgage CDOs. Commercial loans, debt 
 securities and other include corporate CLOs and CDOs, 
 commercial loans and bonds, and securities backed by non-real 
 estate assets. Structured liabilities primarily include equity 
 linked notes that are accounted for under the fair value option. 
 The Corporation uses multiple market approaches in valuing
 certain of its Level 3 financial instruments. For example, market
 comparables and discounted cash flows are used together. For
 a given product, such as corporate debt securities, market
 comparables may
 be used to estimate some of
 the
 unobservable inputs, and then these inputs are incorporated
 into a discounted cash flow model. Therefore, the balances
 disclosed encompass both of these techniques.
 The levels of aggregation and diversity within the products 
 disclosed in the tables result in certain ranges of inputs being 
 wide and unevenly distributed across asset and liability 
 categories. 
 Uncertainty of Fair Value Measurements from 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 Loans and Securities 
 A significant increase in market yields, default rates, loss
 severities or duration would have resulted in a significantly lower
 fair value for long positions. Short positions would have been
 impacted in a directionally opposite way. The impact of changes
 in prepayment speeds would have resulted in differing impacts
 depending on the seniority of the instrument and, in the case of
 CLOs, whether prepayments can be reinvested. A significant
 increase in price would have resulted in a significantly higher
 fair value for long positions, and short positions would have
 been impacted in a directionally opposite way.
 Structured Liabilities and Derivatives 
 For credit derivatives, a significant increase in market yield,
 upfront points (i.e., a single upfront payment made by a
 protection buyer at inception), credit spreads, default rates or
 loss severities would have resulted in a significantly lower fair
 value for protection sellers and higher fair value for protection
 buyers. The impact of changes in prepayment speeds would
 have resulted in differing impacts depending on the seniority of
 the instrument.
 Structured credit derivatives are impacted by credit 
 correlation. Default correlation is a parameter that describes the 
 degree of dependence among credit default rates within a credit 
 portfolio that underlies a credit derivative instrument. The 
 sensitivity of this input on the fair value varies depending on the 
 level of subordination of the tranche. For senior tranches that 
 are net purchases of protection, a significant increase in default 
 correlation would have resulted in a significantly higher fair 
 value. Net short protection positions would have been impacted 
 in a directionally opposite way. 
 For equity derivatives, commodity derivatives, interest rate 
 derivatives and structured liabilities, a significant change in 
 long-dated rates and volatilities and correlation inputs (i.e., the 
 degree of correlation between an equity security and an index, 
 between two different commodities, between two different 
 interest rates, or between interest rates and foreign exchange 
 rates) would have resulted in a significant impact to the fair 
 value; however, the magnitude and direction of the impact 
 depend on whether the Corporation is long or short the 
 exposure. For structured liabilities, a significant increase in yield 
 or decrease in price would have resulted in a significantly lower 
 fair value. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value 
 The Corporation holds certain assets that are measured at fair
 value only in certain situations (e.g., the impairment of an
 asset), and these measurements are referred to herein as
 nonrecurring. The amounts below represent assets still held as
 of the reporting date for which a nonrecurring fair value
 adjustment was recorded during 2024, 2023, and 2022.
 Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Assets 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 $ 
 63 
 $ 
 2,652 $ 
 77 
 $ 
 2,793 
 Loans and leases (1) 
 —
 119 
 —
 153 
 Foreclosed properties (2 , 3) 
 —
 93 
 —
 48 
 Other assets (4) 
 2 
 236 
 31 
 898 
 Gains (Losses) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Assets 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 $ 
 (211) $ 
 (246) $ 
 (387) 
 Loans and leases (1) 
 (29) 
 (45) 
 (48) 
 Foreclosed properties 
 (44) 
 (6) 
 (6) 
 Other assets 
 (27) 
 (252) 
 (91) 
 (1) Includes $8 million, $10 million and $15 million of losses on loans that were written down to a collateral value of zero during 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Amounts are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and represent the carrying value of foreclosed properties that were written down subsequent to their initial classification
 as foreclosed properties. Losses on foreclosed properties include losses recorded during the first 90 days after transfer of a loan to foreclosed properties.
 (3) Excludes $16 million and $31 million of properties acquired upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans) at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (4) Represents the fair value of certain impaired renewable energy investments. 
 The table below presents information about significant unobservable inputs utilized in the Corporation's nonrecurring Level 3 fai 
 value measurements at December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 Quantitative Information about Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
 Financial Instrument 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Valuation 
 Technique 
 Inputs 
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 Ranges of 
 Inputs 
 Weighted 
 Average (1) 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2024 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 $ 2,652 Pricing model 
 Implied yield 
 9% to 28% 
 n/a 
 Loans and leases (2) 
 119 Market comparables 
 OREO discount 
 10% to 66% 
 26% 
 Costs to sell 
 8% to 24% 
 9% 
 Other assets (3) 
 236 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 7% 
 n/a 
 Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 $ 2,793 Pricing model 
 Implied yield 
 7% to 23% 
 n/a 
 Loans and leases (2) 
 153 Market comparables 
 OREO discount 
 10% to 66% 
 26% 
 Costs to sell 
 8% to 24% 
 9% 
 Other assets (3) 
 898 Discounted cash flow Discount rate 
 7% 
 n/a 
 (1) The weighted average is calculated based upon the fair value of the loans. 
 (2) Represents residential mortgages where the loan has been written down to the fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 (3) Represents the fair value of certain impaired renewable energy investments. 
 n/a = not applicable 
 NOTE 21 Fair Value Option 
 Loans and Loan Commitments 
 The Corporation elects to account for certain loans and loan
 commitments that exceed the Corporation’s single-name credit
 risk concentration guidelines under
 the fair
 value option.
 Lending 
 commitments 
 are 
 actively
 managed 
 and,
 as
 appropriate, credit risk for these lending relationships may be
 mitigated through the use of
 credit
 derivatives,
 with the
 Corporation’s public side credit view and market perspectives
 determining the size and timing of the hedging activity. These
 credit derivatives do not meet the requirements for designation
 as accounting hedges and are carried at fair value. The fair
 value option allows the Corporation to carry these loans and
 loan commitments at fair value, which is more consistent with
 management’s view of the underlying economics and the
 manner in which they are managed. In addition, the fair value
 option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility
 that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created by
 accounting for the financial instruments at historical cost and
 the credit derivatives at fair value.
 Loans Held-for-sale 
 The Corporation elects to account for residential mortgage
 LHFS, commercial mortgage LHFS and certain other LHFS under
 the fair value option. These loans are actively managed and
 monitored and, as appropriate, certain market risks of the loans
 may
 be mitigated through the use of
 derivatives.
 The
 Corporation has elected not to designate the derivatives as
 qualifying accounting hedges, and therefore, they are carried at
 fair value. The changes in fair value of the loans are largely
 offset by changes in the fair value of the derivatives. The fair
 value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting
 volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created
 by accounting for the financial instruments at the lower of cost
 or fair value and the derivatives at fair value. The Corporation
 has not elected to account for certain other LHFS under the fair
 value option primarily because these loans are floating-rate
 loans that are not hedged using derivative instruments.
 Loans Reported as Trading Account Assets 
 The Corporation elects to account for certain loans that are held 
 for the purpose of trading and are risk-managed on a fair value 
 basis under the fair value option. 
 Other Assets 
 The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate 
 margin loans that are hedged with derivatives under the fair 
 value option. Election of the fair value option allows the 
 Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would 
 otherwise result from the asymmetry created by accounting for 
 the financial instruments at historical cost and the derivatives at 
 fair value. 
 Securities Financing Agreements 
 The Corporation elects to account for certain securities 
 financing 
 agreements, 
 including 
 resale 
 and 
 repurchase 
 agreements, under the fair value option. These elections include 
 certain agreements collateralized by the U.S. government and 
 its agencies, which are generally short-dated and have minimal 
 interest rate risk. 
 Long-term Deposits 
 The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate
 and rate-linked deposits that are hedged with derivatives that do
 not qualify for hedge accounting. Election of the fair value option
 allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that
 would otherwise result
 from
 the asymmetry
 created by
 accounting for the financial instruments at historical cost and
 the derivatives at fair value. The Corporation has not elected to
 carry other long-term deposits at fair value because they are not
 hedged using derivatives.
 Short-term Borrowings 
 The Corporation elects to account for certain short-term 
 borrowings, primarily short-term structured liabilities, under the 
 fair value option because this debt is risk-managed on a fair 
 value basis. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
204
 205
 -
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Corporation also elects to account for certain asset
 backed secured financings, which are also classified in short
 term borrowings, under the fair value option. Election of the fair
 value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting
 volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created
 by accounting for the asset-backed secured financings at
 historical cost and the corresponding mortgage LHFS securing
 these financings at fair value.
 Long-term Debt 
 The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term debt,
 primarily structured liabilities, under the fair value option. This
 long-term debt is either risk-managed on a fair value basis or
 the related hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting.
 Fair Value Option Elections 
 The following tables provide information about the fair value
 carrying amount and the contractual principal outstanding of
 assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair value option
 at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and information about where
 changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities accounted for
 under the fair value option are included in the Consolidated
 Statement of Income for 2024, 2023 and 2022.
 Fair Value Option Elections 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 Fair Value 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Contractual 
 Principal 
 Outstanding 
 Fair Value 
 Carrying 
 Amount Less 
 Unpaid Principal 
 Fair Value 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Contractual 
 Principal 
 Outstanding 
 Fair Value 
 Carrying 
 Amount Less 
 Unpaid Principal 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or 
 purchased under agreements to resell 
 $ 
 144,501 
 $ 
 144,449 
 $ 
 52 
 $ 
 133,053 
 $ 
 133,001 
 $ 
 52 
 Loans reported as trading account assets (1) 
 11,615 
 24,461 
 (12,846) 
 8,377 
 15,580 
 (7,203) 
 Trading inventory – other 
 15,369 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 25,282 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Consumer and commercial loans 
 4,249 
 4,292 
 (43) 
 3,569 
 3,618 
 (49) 
 Loans held-for-sale (1) 
 2,214 
 2,824 
 (610) 
 2,059 
 2,873 
 (814) 
 Other assets 
 2,732 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 1,986 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Long-term deposits 
 310 
 386 
 (76) 
 284 
 267 
 17 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned 
 or sold under agreements to repurchase 
 192,859 
 192,877 
 (18) 
 178,609 
 178,634 
 (25) 
 Short-term borrowings 
 6,245 
 6,247 
 (2) 
 4,690 
 4,694 
 (4) 
 Unfunded loan commitments 
 144 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 67 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 2,642 
 2,414 
 228 
 1,341 
 1,347 
 (6) 
 Long-term debt 
 50,005 
 54,257 
 (4,252) 
 42,809 
 46,707 
 (3,898) 
 (1) A significant portion of the loans reported as trading account assets and LHFS are distressed loans that were purchased at a deep discount to par, and the remainder are loans with a fair value
 near contractual principal outstanding.
 n/a = not applicable 
 Gains (Losses) Related to Assets and Liabilities Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Market making 
 and similar 
 activities 
 Other 
 Income 
 Total 
 2024 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 $ 
 327 
 $ 
 (8) $ 
 319 
 Loans reported as trading account assets 
 (30) 
 40 
 10 
 Trading inventory – other (1) 
 2,965 
 —
 2,965 
 Consumer and commercial loans 
 93 
 20 
 113 
 Loans held-for-sale (2) 
 —
 (30) 
 (30) 
 Short-term borrowings 
 199 
 —
 199 
 Unfunded loan commitments 
 —
 (13) 
 (13) 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 378 
 —
 378 
 Long-term debt (3) 
 582 
 (32) 
 550 
 Other (4) 
 (286) 
 (21) 
 (307) 
 Total 
 $ 
 4,228 
 $ 
 (44) $ 
 4,184 
 2023 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 $ 
 74 
 $ 
 (14) $ 
 60 
 Loans reported as trading account assets 
 251 
 —
 251 
 Trading inventory – other (1) 
 5,121 
 —
 5,121 
 Consumer and commercial loans 
 (174) 
 67 
 (107) 
 Loans held-for-sale (2) 
 —
 22 
 22 
 Short-term borrowings 
 7 
 —
 7 
 Unfunded loan commitments 
 (1) 
 39 
 38 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 609 
 —
 609 
 Long-term debt (3) 
 (1,143) 
 (35) 
 (1,178) 
 Other (4) 
 19 
 (9) 
 10 
 Total 
 $ 
 4,763 
 $ 
 70 
 $ 
 4,833 
 2022 
 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 
 $ 
 (153) $ 
 10 
 $ 
 (143) 
 Loans reported as trading account assets 
 (164) 
 —
 (164) 
 Trading inventory – other (1) 
 (1,159) 
 —
 (1,159) 
 Consumer and commercial loans 
 (58) 
 (27) 
 (85) 
 Loans held-for-sale (2) 
 —
 (304) 
 (304) 
 Short-term borrowings 
 639 
 —
 639 
 Unfunded loan commitments 
 —
 8 
 8 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 11 
 —
 11 
 Long-term debt (3) 
 4,359 
 (46) 
 4,313 
 Other (4) 
 227 
 20 
 247 
 Total 
 $ 
 3,702 
 $ 
 (339) $ 
 3,363 
 (1) The gains (losses) in market making and similar activities are primarily offset by (losses) gains on trading liabilities that hedge these assets. 
 (2) Includes the value of IRLCs on funded loans, including those sold during the period. 
 (3) The net gains (losses) in market making and similar activities relate to the embedded derivatives in structured liabilities and are typically offset by (losses) gains on derivatives and securities that
 hedge these liabilities. For the cumulative impact of changes in the Corporation’s own credit spreads and the amount recognized in accumulated OCI, see Note 14 – Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive Income (Loss). For more information on how the Corporation’s own credit spread is determined, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.
 (4) Includes gains (losses) on other assets, long-term deposits and federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. 
 Gains (Losses) Related to Borrower-specific Credit Risk for Assets and Liabilities Accounted for Under 
 the Fair Value Option 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Loans reported as trading account assets 
 $ 
 (38) $ 
 (3) $ 
 (950) 
 Consumer and commercial loans 
 18 
 44 
 (51) 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 (8) 
 (15) 
 (23) 
 Unfunded loan commitments 
 (13) 
 39 
 8 
 Long-term debt 
 (3) 
 —
 —
 NOTE 22 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 Financial instruments are classified within the fair
 value
 hierarchy using the methodologies described in Note 20 – Fair
 Value Measurements. Certain loans, deposits, long-term debt,
 unfunded lending commitments and other financial instruments
 are accounted for under the fair value option. For more
 information, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option. The following
 disclosures include financial instruments that are not carried at
 fair value or only a portion of the ending balance is carried at
 fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Short-term Financial Instruments 
 The carrying value of short-term financial instruments, including 
 cash and cash equivalents, certain time deposits placed and 
 other short-term investments, federal funds sold and purchased, 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
206
 207
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 certain resale and repurchase agreements and short-term 
 borrowings, approximates the fair value of these instruments. 
 These financial instruments generally expose the Corporation to 
 limited credit risk and have no stated maturities or have short 
 term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate 
 market. The Corporation accounts for certain resale and 
 repurchase agreements under the fair value option. 
 Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents 
 are classified as Level 1. Time deposits placed and other short 
 term investments, such as U.S. government securities and 
 short-term commercial paper, are classified as Level 1 or Level 
 2. Federal funds sold and purchased are classified as Level 2. 
 Resale and repurchase agreements are classified as Level 2 
 because they are generally short-dated and/or variable-rate 
 instruments collateralized by U.S. government or agency 
 securities. Short-term borrowings are generally classified as 
 Level 2. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The carrying values and fair values by fair value hierarchy of
 certain financial instruments where only a portion of the ending
 balance was carried at fair value at December 31, 2024 and
 2023 are presented in the table below.
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Carrying 
 Value 
 Fair Value 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 December 31, 2024 
 Financial assets 
 Loans 
 $1,060,629 
 $ 
 50,971 
 $ 992,135 
 $1,043,106 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 9,545 
 6,707 
 2,838 
 9,545 
 Financial liabilities 
 Deposits (1) 
 1,965,467 
 1,967,061 
 —
 1,967,061 
 Long-term debt 
 283,279 
 287,098 
 652 
 287,750 
 Commercial 
 unfunded lending 
 commitments (2) 
 1,240 
 55 
 3,639 
 3,694 
 December 31, 2023 
 Financial assets 
 Loans 
 $1,020,281 $ 
 49,311 
 $ 949,977 
 $ 999,288 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 6,002 
 3,024 
 2,979 
 6,003 
 Financial liabilities 
 Deposits (1) 
 1,923,827 
 1,925,015 
 —
 1,925,015 
 Long-term debt 
 302,204 
 303,070 
 913 
 303,983 
 Commercial 
 unfunded lending 
 commitments (2) 
 1,275 
 44 
 3,927 
 3,971 
 (1) Includes demand deposits of $892.9 billion and $897.3 billion with no stated maturities at 
 December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 (2) The carrying value of commercial unfunded lending commitments is included in accrued
 expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Corporation does not
 estimate the fair value of consumer unfunded lending commitments because, in many
 instances, the Corporation can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing notice to
 the borrower. For more information on commitments, see Note 12 – Commitments and
 Contingencies.
 NOTE 23 Business Segment Information 
 The Corporation reports its results of operations through the
 following four business segments: Consumer Banking, Global
 Wealth & Investment Management, Global Banking and Global
 Markets, with the remaining operations recorded in All Other.
 The segments are managed by the Corporation’s Management
 Team, with certain leaders responsible for each segment and/or
 the lines of business supporting the segments. On a continual
 basis, the Management Team assesses the performance of the
 segments by comparing the segments’ budgeted income and
 expenses to their actual results. The Chief Operating Decision
 Maker of the segments, which is the Corporation’s CEO, is the
 final approver on the amount of capital to allocate to each
 segment.
 Consumer Banking 
 Consumer Banking offers a diversified range of credit, banking 
 and investment products and services to consumers and small 
 businesses. Consumer Banking product offerings include 
 traditional savings accounts, money market savings accounts, 
 CDs and IRAs, checking accounts, and investment accounts and 
 products, as well as credit and debit cards, residential 
 mortgages and home equity loans, and direct and indirect loans 
 to consumers and small businesses in the U.S. Consumer 
 Banking includes the impact of servicing residential mortgages 
 and home equity loans. 
 Global Wealth & Investment Management 
 GWIM provides a high-touch client experience through a network 
 of financial advisors focused on clients with over $250,000 in 
 total investable assets, including tailored solutions to meet 
 clients’ needs through a full set of investment management, 
 brokerage, banking and retirement products. GWIM also 
 provides comprehensive wealth management solutions targeted 
 to high net worth and ultra high net worth clients, as well as 
 customized solutions to meet clients’ wealth structuring, 
 investment management, trust and banking needs, including 
 specialty asset management services. 
 Global Banking 
 Global Banking provides a wide range of lending-related products 
 and services, integrated working capital management and 
 treasury solutions, and underwriting and advisory services 
 through the Corporation’s network of offices and client 
 relationship teams. Global Banking also provides investment 
 banking products to clients. The economics of certain 
 investment banking and underwriting activities are shared 
 primarily between Global Banking and Global Markets under an 
 internal revenue-sharing arrangement. Global Banking clients 
 generally include middle-market companies, commercial real 
 estate firms, not-for-profit companies, large global corporations, 
 financial institutions, leasing clients, and mid-sized U.S.-based 
 businesses requiring customized and integrated financial advice 
 and solutions. 
 Global Markets 
 Global Markets offers sales and trading services and research 
 services to institutional clients across fixed-income, credit, 
 currency, commodity and equity businesses. Global Markets 
 provides 
 market-making, 
 financing, 
 securities 
 clearing, 
 settlement and custody services globally to institutional investor 
 clients in support of their investing and trading activities. Global 
 Markets product coverage includes securities and derivative 
 products in both the primary and secondary markets. Global 
 Markets also works with commercial and corporate clients to 
 provide risk management products. As a result of market 
 making activities, Global Markets may be required to manage 
 risk in a broad range of financial products. In addition, the 
 economics of certain investment banking and underwriting 
 activities are shared primarily between Global Markets and 
 Global Banking under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement. 
 All Other 
 All Other primarily consists of ALM activities, liquidating 
 businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a 
 business segment. ALM activities encompass interest rate and 
 foreign 
 currency 
 risk 
 management 
 activities 
 for 
 which 
 substantially all of the results are allocated to the business 
 segments. All Other includes income tax benefit adjustments to 
 eliminate the FTE treatment of certain tax credits recorded in 
 Global Banking and Global Markets. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The management accounting and reporting process derives 
 segment 
 and 
 business 
 results 
 by 
 utilizing 
 allocation 
 methodologies for revenue and expense. The net income 
 derived for the businesses is dependent upon revenue and cost 
 allocations using an activity-based costing model, funds transfer 
 pricing, and other methodologies and assumptions management 
 believes are appropriate to reflect the results of the business. 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense, includes net interest 
 income on an FTE basis and noninterest income. The 
 adjustment of net interest income to an FTE basis results in a 
 corresponding increase in income tax expense. The segment 
 results also reflect certain revenue and expense methodologies 
 that are utilized to determine net income. The net interest 
 income of the businesses includes the results of a funds 
 transfer pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with 
 similar interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. In 
 segments where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds 
 assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, the 
 Corporation allocates assets to match liabilities. Net interest 
 income of the business segments also includes an allocation of 
 net interest income generated by certain of the Corporation’s 
 ALM activities. 
 The Corporation’s ALM activities include an overall interest
 rate risk management strategy that incorporates the use of
 various 
 derivatives 
 and 
 cash 
 instruments 
 to 
 manage
 fluctuations in earnings and capital that are caused by interest
 rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate
 sensitivity
 so that
 movements in interest
 rates do not
 significantly adversely affect earnings and capital. The results of
 a majority of the Corporation’s ALM activities are allocated to
 the business segments and fluctuate based on the performance
 of the ALM activities. ALM activities include external product
 pricing decisions including deposit pricing strategies, the effects
 of the Corporation’s internal funds transfer pricing process and
 the net effects of other ALM activities.
 The segment noninterest expenses consist of the same 
 expenses as those shown in the Consolidated Statement of 
 Income and contain both direct expenses and certain expenses 
 not directly attributable to a specific business segment, 
 including indirect compensation and benefits expenses, that are 
 allocated to the segments. The costs of certain centralized or 
 shared functions are allocated based on methodologies that 
 reflect utilization. 
 The following table presents net income (loss) and the
 components thereto (with net interest income on an FTE basis
 for the business segments, All Other and the total Corporation)
 for 2024, 2023 and 2022, and total assets at December 31,
 2024 and 2023 for each business segment, as well as All
 Other.

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
208
 209
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Results of Business Segments and All Other (1) 
 At and for the year ended December 31 
 tal
To
 Corporation (2) 
 ons
C
 umer Banking 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 56,679 
 $ 
 57,498 
 $ 
 52,900 
 $ 
 33,078 
 $ 
 33,689 
 $ 
 30,045 
 Noninterest income 
 45,827 
 41,650 
 42,488 
 8,358 
 8,342 
 8,590 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 102,506 
 99,148 
 95,388 
 41,436 
 42,031 
 38,635 
 Provision for credit losses 
 5,821 
 4,394 
 2,543 
 4,987 
 5,158 
 1,980 
 Noninterest expense 
 Compensation and benefits (3) 
 40,182 
 38,330 
 36,447 
 6,422 
 6,490 
 6,218 
 Other noninterest expense 
 26,630 
 27,515 
 24,991 
 15,682 
 14,926 
 13,859 
 Total noninterest expense 
 66,812 
 65,845 
 61,438 
 22,104 
 21,416 
 20,077 
 Income before income taxes 
 29,873 
 28,909 
 31,407 
 14,345 
 15,457 
 16,578 
 Income tax expense 
 2,741 
 2,394 
 3,879 
 3,586 
 3,864 
 4,062 
 Net income 
 $ 
 27,132 
 $ 
 26,515 
 $ 
 27,528 
 $ 
 10,759 
 $ 
 11,593 
 $ 
 12,516 
 Year-end total assets 
 $ 
 3,261,519 
 $ 3,180,151 
 $ 
 1,034,370 
 $ 1,049,830 
 Global Wealth & Investment Management 
 Global Banking 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 6,969 
 $ 
 7,147 
 $ 
 7,466 
 $ 
 13,235 
 $ 
 14,645 
 $ 
 12,184 
 Noninterest income 
 15,960 
 13,958 
 14,282 
 10,723 
 10,151 
 10,045 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 22,929 
 21,105 
 21,748 
 23,958 
 24,796 
 22,229 
 Provision for credit losses 
 4 
 6 
 66 
 883 
 (586) 
 641 
 Noninterest expense 
 Compensation and benefits (3) 
 11,126 
 10,120 
 9,922 
 4,327 
 4,134 
 4,092 
 Other noninterest expense 
 6,115 
 5,716 
 5,568 
 7,526 
 7,210 
 6,874 
 Total noninterest expense 
 17,241 
 15,836 
 15,490 
 11,853 
 11,344 
 10,966 
 Income before income taxes 
 5,684 
 5,263 
 6,192 
 11,222 
 14,038 
 10,622 
 Income tax expense 
 1,421 
 1,316 
 1,517 
 3,086 
 3,790 
 2,815 
 Net income 
 $ 
 4,263 
 $ 
 3,947 
 $ 
 4,675 
 $ 
 8,136 
 $ 
 10,248 
 $ 
 7,807 
 Year-end total assets 
 $ 
 338,367 
 $ 
 344,626 
 $ 
 670,905 
 $ 
 621,751 
 Global Markets 
 All Other 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Net interest income 
 $ 
 3,375 
 $ 
 1,678 
 $ 
 3,088 
 $ 
 22 
 $ 
 339 
 $ 
 117 
 Noninterest income 
 18,437 
 17,849 
 15,050 
 (7,651) 
 (8,650) 
 (5,479) 
 Total revenue, net of interest expense 
 21,812 
 19,527 
 18,138 
 (7,629) 
 (8,311) 
 (5,362) 
 Provision for credit losses 
 (32) 
 (131) 
 28 
 (21) 
 (53) 
 (172) 
 Noninterest expense 
 Compensation and benefits (3) 
 3,550 
 3,428 
 3,210 
 —
 —
 —
 Other noninterest expense 
 10,376 
 9,778 
 9,210 
 1,688 
 4,043 
 2,485 
 Total noninterest expense 
 13,926 
 13,206 
 12,420 
 1,688 
 4,043 
 2,485 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 7,918 
 6,452 
 5,690 
 (9,296) 
 (12,301) 
 (7,675) 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 2,296 
 1,774 
 1,508 
 (7,648) 
 (8,350) 
 (6,023) 
 Net income (loss) 
 $ 
 5,622 
 $ 
 4,678 
 $ 
 4,182 
 $ 
 (1,648) $ 
 (3,951) $ 
 (1,652) 
 Year-end total assets 
 $ 
 876,605 
 $ 
 817,588 
 $ 
 341,272 
 $ 
 346,356 
 (1) Segment results are presented on an FTE basis and include additional net interest income and income tax expense, related to tax-exempt securities, of $619 million, $567 million and $438
 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as compared to the Consolidated Statement of Income.
 (2) There were no material intersegment revenues. 
 (3) Represents the compensation and benefits directly incurred by each segment. 
 The table below presents noninterest income and the associated components for 2024, 2023 and 2022, for each business
 segment, All Other and the total Corporation. For more information, see Note 2 – Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income.
 Noninterest Income by Business Segment and All Other 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Total Corporation 
 Consumer Banking 
 Global Wealth & 
 Investment Management 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Fees and commissions: 
 Card income 
 Interchange fees 
 $ 
 4,013 
 $ 
 3,983 
 $ 
 4,096 
 $ 
 3,194 
 $ 
 3,157 
 $ 
 3,239 
 $ 
 (20) $ 
 (12) $ 
 20 
 Other card income 
 2,271 
 2,071 
 1,987 
 2,238 
 2,107 
 1,930 
 61 
 57 
 50 
 Total card income 
 6,284 
 6,054 
 6,083 
 5,432 
 5,264 
 5,169 
 41 
 45 
 70 
 Service charges 
 Deposit-related fees 
 4,708 
 4,382 
 5,190 
 2,445 
 2,317 
 2,706 
 44 
 41 
 65 
 Lending-related fees 
 1,347 
 1,302 
 1,215 
 —
 —
 —
 53 
 37 
 8 
 Total service charges 
 6,055 
 5,684 
 6,405 
 2,445 
 2,317 
 2,706 
 97 
 78 
 73 
 Investment and brokerage services 
 Asset management fees 
 13,875 
 12,002 
 12,152 
 207 
 197 
 195 
 13,668 
 11,805 
 11,957 
 Brokerage fees 
 3,891 
 3,561 
 3,749 
 113 
 111 
 109 
 1,570 
 1,408 
 1,604 
 Total investment and brokerage services 
 17,766 
 15,563 
 15,901 
 320 
 308 
 304 
 15,238 
 13,213 
 13,561 
 Investment banking fees 
 Underwriting income 
 3,275 
 2,235 
 1,970 
 —
 —
 —
 246 
 171 
 189 
 Syndication fees 
 1,221 
 898 
 1,070 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Financial advisory services 
 1,690 
 1,575 
 1,783 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Total investment banking fees 
 6,186 
 4,708 
 4,823 
 —
 —
 —
 246 
 171 
 189 
 Total fees and commissions 
 36,291 
 32,009 
 33,212 
 8,197 
 7,889 
 8,179 
 15,622 
 13,507 
 13,893 
 Market making and similar activities 
 12,967 
 12,732 
 12,075 
 21 
 20 
 10 
 143 
 137 
 102 
 Other income (loss) 
 (3,431) 
 (3,091) 
 (2,799) 
 140 
 433 
 401 
 195 
 314 
 287 
 Total noninterest income 
 $ 45,827 
 $ 41,650 
 $ 42,488 
 $ 
 8,358 
 $ 
 8,342 
 $ 
 8,590 
 $ 15,960 
 $ 13,958 
 $ 14,282 
 Global Banking 
 Global Markets 
 All Other 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Fees and commissions: 
 Card income 
 Interchange fees 
 $ 
 773 
 $ 
 772 
 $ 
 767 
 $ 
 66 
 $ 
 66 
 $ 
 66 
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 —
 $ 
 4 
 Other card income 
 13 
 9 
 7 
 —
 —
 —
 (41) 
 (102) 
 —
 Total card income 
 786 
 781 
 774 
 66 
 66 
 66 
 (41) 
 (102) 
 4 
 Service charges 
 Deposit-related fees 
 2,128 
 1,943 
 2,310 
 88 
 79 
 101 
 3 
 2 
 8 
 Lending-related fees 
 1,007 
 1,009 
 983 
 287 
 256 
 224 
 —
 —
 —
 Total service charges 
 3,135 
 2,952 
 3,293 
 375 
 335 
 325 
 3 
 2 
 8 
 Investment and brokerage services 
 Asset management fees 
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 —
 Brokerage fees 
 91 
 57 
 42 
 2,128 
 1,993 
 2,002 
 (11) 
 (8) 
 (8) 
 Total investment and brokerage services 
 91 
 57 
 42 
 2,128 
 1,993 
 2,002 
 (11) 
 (8) 
 (8) 
 Investment banking fees 
 Underwriting income 
 1,305 
 922 
 796 
 1,892 
 1,298 
 1,176 
 (168) 
 (156) 
 (191) 
 Syndication fees 
 644 
 505 
 565 
 577 
 393 
 505 
 —
 —
 —
 Financial advisory services 
 1,504 
 1,392 
 1,643 
 186 
 183 
 139 
 —
 —
 1 
 Total investment banking fees 
 3,453 
 2,819 
 3,004 
 2,655 
 1,874 
 1,820 
 (168) 
 (156) 
 (190) 
 Total fees and commissions 
 7,465 
 6,609 
 7,113 
 5,224 
 4,268 
 4,213 
 (217) 
 (264) 
 (186) 
 Market making and similar activities 
 275 
 190 
 215 
 12,778 
 13,430 
 11,406 
 (250) 
 (1,045) 
 342 
 Other income (loss) 
 2,983 
 3,352 
 2,717 
 435 
 151 
 (569) 
 (7,184) 
 (7,341) 
 (5,635) 
 Total noninterest income 
 $ 10,723 
 $ 10,151 
 $ 10,045 
 $ 18,437 
 $ 17,849 
 $ 15,050 
 $ 
 (7,651) $ (8,650) $ (5,479) 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
210
 211
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NOTE 24 Parent Company Information 
 The following tables present the Parent Company-only financial information. 
 Condensed Statement of Income 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Income 
 Dividends from subsidiaries: 
 Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 
 $ 
 21,300 
 $ 
 22,384 
 $ 
 22,250 
 Interest from subsidiaries 
 21,589 
 21,314 
 12,420 
 Other income (loss) 
 (1,223) 
 (1,012) 
 (201) 
 Total income 
 41,666 
 42,686 
 34,469 
 Expense 
 Interest on borrowed funds from subsidiaries 
 1,108 
 896 
 236 
 Other interest expense 
 14,060 
 14,119 
 7,041 
 Noninterest expense 
 1,580 
 1,699 
 1,322 
 Total expense 
 16,748 
 16,714 
 8,599 
 Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
 24,918 
 25,972 
 25,870 
 Income tax expense 
 773 
 838 
 683 
 Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
 24,145 
 25,134 
 25,187 
 Equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries: 
 Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 
 2,909 
 1,203 
 2,333 
 Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 
 78 
 178 
 8 
 Total equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries 
 2,987 
 1,381 
 2,341 
 Net income 
 $ 
 27,132 
 $ 
 26,515 
 $ 
 27,528 
 Condensed Balance Sheet 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 December 31 
 2024 
 2023 
 Assets 
 Cash held at bank subsidiaries 
 $ 
 4,613 
 $ 
 4,559 
 Securities 
 660 
 644 
 Receivables from subsidiaries: 
 Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 
 231,931 
 249,320 
 Banks and related subsidiaries 
 146 
 205 
 Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 
 985 
 1,255 
 Investments in subsidiaries: 
 Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 
 310,957 
 306,946 
 Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 
 3,783 
 3,946 
 Other assets 
 6,658 
 6,799 
 Total assets 
 $ 
 559,733 
 $ 
 573,674 
 Liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 $ 
 16,360 
 $ 
 14,510 
 Payables to subsidiaries: 
 Banks and related subsidiaries 
 114 
 207 
 Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 
 14 
 14 
 Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 
 21,011 
 17,756 
 Long-term debt 
 226,675 
 249,541 
 Total liabilities 
 264,174 
 282,028 
 Shareholders’ equity 
 295,559 
 291,646 
 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
 $ 
 559,733 
 $ 
 573,674 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 2022 
 Operating activities 
 Net income 
 $ 
 27,132 
 $ 
 26,515 
 $ 
 27,528 
 Reconciliation of net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Equity in undistributed (earnings) losses of subsidiaries 
 (2,987) 
 (1,381) 
 (2,341) 
 Other operating activities, net 
 1,986 
 3,395 
 (31,777) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 26,131 
 28,529 
 (6,590) 
 Investing activities 
 Net sales (purchases) of securities 
 (17) 
 (15) 
 25 
 Net payments from (to) subsidiaries 
 16,858 
 (21,267) 
 (6,044) 
 Other investing activities, net 
 —
 (43) 
 (34) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 16,841 
 (21,325) 
 (6,053) 
 Financing activities 
 Net increase in other advances 
 3,542 
 2,825 
 2,853 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
 17,817 
 23,950 
 44,123 
 Retirement of long-term debt 
 (36,416) 
 (25,366) 
 (19,858) 
 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock and warrants 
 —
 —
 4,426 
 Redemption of preferred stock 
 (5,254) 
 —
 (654) 
 Common stock repurchased 
 (13,104) 
 (4,576) 
 (5,073) 
 Cash dividends paid 
 (9,503) 
 (9,087) 
 (8,576) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (42,918) 
 (12,254) 
 17,241 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash held at bank subsidiaries 
 54 
 (5,050) 
 4,598 
 Cash held at bank subsidiaries at January 1 
 4,559 
 9,609 
 5,011 
 Cash held at bank subsidiaries at December 31 
 $ 
 4,613 
 $ 
 4,559 
 $ 
 9,609 
 NOTE 25 Performance by Geographical Area 
 The Corporation’s operations are highly
 integrated with
 operations in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. The non-U.S.
 business activities are largely conducted in Europe, the Middle
 East and Africa and in Asia. The Corporation identifies its
 geographic performance based on the business unit structure
 used to manage the capital or expense deployed in the region
 as applicable. This requires certain judgments related to the
 allocation of revenue so that revenue can be appropriately
 matched with the related capital or expense deployed in the
 region. Certain asset, liability, income and expense amounts
 have been allocated to arrive at total assets, total revenue, net
 of interest expense, income before income taxes and net
 income by geographic area as presented below.
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Total Assets at 
 Year End (1) 
 Total Revenue, 
 Net of Interest 
 Expense (2) 
 Income Before 
 Income Taxes 
 Net Income 
 U.S. (3) 
 2024 
 $ 
 2,817,345 
 $ 
 88,465 
 $ 
 25,724 
 $ 
 24,594 
 2023 
 2,768,003 
 85,571 
 24,525 
 23,656 
 2022 
 82,890 
 28,135 
 25,607 
 Asia 
 2024 
 153,489 
 5,184 
 1,616 
 1,176 
 2023 
 139,967 
 4,952 
 1,512 
 1,139 
 2022 
 4,597 
 1,144 
 865 
 Europe, Middle East and Africa 
 2024 
 257,695 
 6,499 
 1,069 
 796 
 2023 
 238,052 
 6,393 
 1,540 
 1,098 
 2022 
 6,044 
 1,121 
 689 
 Latin America and the Caribbean 
 2024 
 32,990 
 1,739 
 845 
 566 
 2023 
 34,129 
 1,665 
 765 
 622 
 2022 
 1,419 
 569 
 367 
 Total Non-U.S. 
 2024 
 444,174 
 13,422 
 3,530 
 2,538 
 2023 
 412,148 
 13,010 
 3,817 
 2,859 
 2022 
 12,060 
 2,834 
 1,921 
 Total Consolidated 
 2024 
 $ 
 3,261,519 
 $ 
 101,887 
 $ 
 29,254 
 $ 
 27,132 
 2023 
 3,180,151 
 98,581 
 28,342 
 26,515 
 2022 
 94,950 
 30,969 
 27,528 
 (1) Total assets include long-lived assets, which are primarily located in the U.S. 
 (2) There were no material intercompany revenues between geographic regions for any of the periods presented. 
 (3) Substantially reflects the U.S. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
212
 213
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Glossary 
 Alt-A Mortgage – A type of U.S. mortgage that is considered
 riskier than A-paper, or “prime,” and less risky than “subprime,”
 the 
 riskiest
 category.
 Typically,
 Alt-A 
 mortgages 
 are
 characterized by borrowers with less than full documentation,
 lower credit scores and higher LTVs.
 Assets Under Management (AUM) – The total market value of
 assets under the investment advisory and/or discretion of GWIM
 which generate asset management fees based on a percentage
 of the assets’ market values. AUM reflects assets that are
 generally managed for institutional, high net worth and retail
 clients, and are distributed through various investment products
 including mutual funds, other commingled vehicles and separate
 accounts.
 Banking Book – All on- and off-balance sheet financial 
 instruments of the Corporation except for those positions that 
 are held for trading purposes. 
 Brokerage and Other Assets – Non-discretionary client assets 
 which are held in brokerage accounts or held for safekeeping. 
 Committed Credit Exposure – Any funded portion of a facility plus
 the unfunded portion of a facility on which the lender is legally
 bound to advance funds during a specified period under
 prescribed conditions.
 Credit Derivatives – Contractual agreements that provide 
 protection against a specified credit event on one or more 
 referenced obligations. 
 Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) – A portfolio adjustment 
 required to properly reflect the counterparty credit risk exposure 
 as part of the fair value of derivative instruments. 
 Debit Valuation Adjustment (DVA) – A portfolio adjustment
 required to properly reflect the Corporation’s own credit risk
 exposure as part of the fair value of derivative instruments and/
 or structured liabilities.
 Funding Valuation Adjustment (FVA) – A portfolio adjustment
 required to include funding costs on uncollateralized derivatives
 and derivatives where the Corporation is not permitted to use
 the collateral it receives.
 Interest Rate Lock Commitment (IRLC) – Commitment with a 
 loan applicant in which the loan terms are guaranteed for a 
 designated period of time subject to credit approval. 
 Letter of Credit – A document issued on behalf of a customer to
 a third party promising to pay the third party upon presentation
 of specified documents. A letter of credit effectively substitutes
 the issuer’s credit for that of the customer.
 Loan-to-value (LTV) – A commonly used credit quality metric. LTV 
 is calculated as the outstanding carrying value of the loan 
 divided by the estimated value of the property securing the loan. 
 Macro Products – Include currencies, interest rates and 
 commodities products. 
 Margin Receivable – An extension of credit secured by eligible 
 securities in certain brokerage accounts. 
 Matched Book
 – Repurchase and resale agreements or
 securities borrowed and loaned transactions where the overall
 asset and liability position is similar in size and/or maturity.
 Generally, these are entered into to accommodate customers
 where the Corporation earns the interest rate spread.
 Mortgage Servicing Right (MSR) – The right to service a 
 mortgage loan when the underlying loan is sold or securitized. 
 Servicing includes collections for principal, interest and escrow 
 payments from borrowers and accounting for and remitting 
 principal and interest payments to investors. 
 Nonperforming Loans and Leases – Includes loans and leases 
 that have been placed on nonaccrual status, including 
 nonaccruing loans whose contractual terms have been 
 restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower 
 experiencing financial difficulties. 
 Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) – A framework established by the 
 U.S. banking regulators requiring banks to maintain certain 
 levels of regulatory capital ratios, comprised of five categories 
 of capitalization: “well capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” 
 “undercapitalized,” 
 “significantly 
 undercapitalized” 
 and 
 “critically undercapitalized.” Insured depository institutions that 
 fail to meet certain of these capital levels are subject to 
 increasingly strict limits on their activities, including their ability 
 to make capital distributions, pay management compensation, 
 grow assets and take other actions. 
 Subprime Loans – Although a standard industry definition for 
 subprime loans (including subprime mortgage loans) does not 
 exist, the Corporation defines subprime loans as specific 
 product offerings for higher risk borrowers. 
 Value-at-Risk (VaR) – VaR is a model that simulates the value of
 a portfolio under a range of hypothetical scenarios in order to
 generate a distribution of potential gains and losses. VaR
 represents the loss the portfolio is expected to experience with
 a given confidence level based on historical data. A VaR model
 is an effective tool in estimating ranges of potential gains and
 losses on our trading portfolios.
 Key Metrics 
 Active Digital Banking Users – Mobile and/or online active users 
 over the past 90 days. 
 Active Mobile Banking Users – Mobile active users over the past 
 90 days. 
 Book Value – Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by 
 ending common shares outstanding. 
 Common Equity Ratio - Ending common shareholders’ equity 
 divided by ending total assets. 
 Deposit Spread – Annualized net interest income divided by 
 average deposits. 
 Dividend Payout Ratio – Common dividends declared divided by 
 net income applicable to common shareholders. 
 Efficiency Ratio – Noninterest expense divided by total revenue, 
 net of interest expense. 
 Gross Interest Yield – Effective annual percentage rate divided by 
 average loans. 
 Net Interest Yield – Net interest income divided by average total 
 interest-earning assets. 
 Operating Margin – Income before income taxes divided by total 
 revenue, net of interest expense. 
 Return on Average Allocated Capital – Adjusted net income 
 divided by allocated capital. 
 Return on Average Assets – Net income divided by total average 
 assets. 
 Return on Average Common Shareholders’ Equity – Net income 
 applicable to common shareholders divided by average common 
 shareholders’ equity. 
 Return on Average Shareholders’ Equity – Net income divided by 
 average shareholders’ equity. 
 Risk-adjusted Margin – Difference between total revenue, net of 
 interest expense, and net credit losses divided by average 
 loans. 

 Bank of America 2024
Bank of America 2024
214
 215
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Acronyms 
 ABS 
 Asset-backed securities 
 AFS 
 Available-for-sale 
 AI 
 Artificial intelligence 
 ALM 
 Asset and liability management 
 AUM 
 Assets under management 
 AVM 
 Automated valuation model 
 BANA 
 Bank of America, National Association 
 BHC 
 Bank holding company 
 BofAS 
 BofA Securities, Inc. 
 BofASE 
 BofA Securities Europe SA 
 bps 
 Basis points 
 BSBY 
 Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index 
 CAE 
 Chief Audit Executive 
 CCAR 
 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 CCP 
 Central counterparty clearinghouses 
 CCPA 
 California’s Consumer Privacy Act 
 CDO 
 Collateralized debt obligation 
 CECL 
 Current expected credit losses 
 CEO 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 CET1 
 Common equity tier 1 
 CFPB 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 CFTC 
 Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
 CLO 
 Collateralized loan obligation 
 CLTV 
 Combined loan-to-value 
 CRO 
 Chief Risk Officer 
 CVA 
 Credit valuation adjustment 
 DIF 
 Deposit Insurance Fund 
 DTA 
 Deferred tax assets 
 DVA 
 Debit valuation adjustment 
 ECB 
 European Central Bank 
 ECL 
 Expected credit losses 
 EEA 
 European Economic Area 
 EPS 
 Earnings per common share 
 ERC 
 Enterprise Risk Committee 
 ESG 
 Environmental, social and governance 
 EU 
 European Union 
 FDIC 
 FDICIA 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 Improvement Act of 1991 
 FHA 
 Federal Housing Administration 
 FHLB 
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 FHLMC 
 Freddie Mac 
 FICC 
 Fixed income, currencies and commodities 
 FICO 
 Fair Isaac Corporation (credit score) 
 FLUs 
 Front line units 
 FNMA 
 Fannie Mae 
 FTE 
 Fully taxable-equivalent 
 FVA 
 Funding valuation adjustment 
 GAAP 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the 
 United States of America 
 GDPR 
 General Data Protection Regulation 
 GHG 
 Greenhouse gas 
 GLS 
 Global Liquidity Sources 
 GNMA 
 Government National Mortgage Association 
 GRM 
 Global Risk Management 
 G-SIB 
 Global systemically important bank 
 GWIM 
 Global Wealth & Investment Management 
 HELOC 
 Home equity line of credit 
 HQLA 
 High Quality Liquid Assets 
 HTM 
 Held-to-maturity 
 ICAAP 
 Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process 
 IRLC 
 Interest rate lock commitment 
 ISDA 
 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
 Inc. 
 LCR 
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 LHFS 
 Loans held-for-sale 
 LRR 
 Laws, Rules and Regulations 
 LTV 
 Loan-to-value 
 MBS 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 MD&A 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 MLI 
 Merrill Lynch International 
 MLPF&S Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated 
 MRC 
 Management Risk Committee 
 MSA 
 Metropolitan Statistical Area 
 MSR 
 Mortgage servicing right 
 NOL 
 Net operating loss 
 NSFR 
 Net Stable Funding Ratio 
 OCC 
 Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 OCI 
 Other comprehensive income 
 OECD 
 Organization for Economic Cooperation and 
 Development 
 OREO 
 Other real estate owned 
 OTC 
 Over-the-counter 
 PCA 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 RMBS 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 RSU 
 Restricted stock unit 
 RWA 
 Risk-weighted assets 
 SBLC 
 Standby letter of credit 
 SCB 
 Stress capital buffer 
 SEC 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 SIFI 
 Systemically important financial institution 
 SLR 
 Supplementary leverage ratio 
 SOFR 
 Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 TLAC 
 Total loss-absorbing capacity 
 UDAAP 
 Unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices 
 UTB 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 
 VA 
 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs 
 VaR 
 Value-at-Risk 
 VIE 
 Variable interest entity 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Bank of America and Subsidiaries 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
 (Exchange Act), Bank of America’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an
 evaluation of the effectiveness and design of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of
 the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, Bank of America’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 Bank of America’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report.

 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 217
216 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
This page intentionally left blank.
This page intentionally left blank.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA 2024 | 219
218 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 executive management team and management committee
 EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM 
 Brian T. Moynihan* 
 Chair of the Board and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Raul A. Anaya 
 President, Co-Head Business Banking 
 Dean C. Athanasia* 
 President, Regional Banking 
 Aditya Bhasin* 
 Chief Technology and Information Officer 
 D. Steve Boland 
 Chief Administrative Officer 
 Alastair M. Borthwick* 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Len Botkin 
 Chief Audit Executive 
 Sheri B. Bronstein* 
 Chief People Officer 
 James P. DeMare* 
 President, Global Markets 
 Paul M. Donofrio 
 Vice Chair 
 Geoffrey S. Greener* 
 Chief Risk Officer 
 Lindsay Hans* 
 President, Co-Head 
 Merrill Wealth Management 
 Kathleen A. Knox* 
 President, The Private Bank 
 Matthew M. Koder* 
 President, Global Corporate 
 & Investment Banking 
 Aron D. Levine 
 President, Preferred Banking 
 Bernard A. Mensah* 
 President, International; CEO, 
 Merrill Lynch International 
 Sharon L. Miller 
 President, Co-Head Business Banking 
 Lauren A. Mogensen* 
 Global General Counsel 
 Thong M. Nguyen* 
 Vice Chair, Head of Global Strategy 
 & Enterprise Platforms 
 Holly O’Neill 
 President, Retail Banking 
 Eric A. Schimpf* 
 President, Co-Head 
 Merrill Wealth Management 
 Tom M. Scrivener* 
 Chief Operations Executive 
 Wendy H. Stewart 
 President, Global Commercial Banking 
 Bruce R. Thompson* 
 Vice Chair, Head of Enterprise Credit 
 MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE** 
 Faiz A. Ahmad 
 Co-Head of Global Capital Markets 
 Michael C. Ankrom 
 Head of Global Compliance 
 and Operational Risk 
 Alexandre Bettamio 
 Co-Head of Global Investment Banking 
 Rudolf A. Bless 
 Managing Director and Finance Executive 
 Candace Browning 
 Vice Chair of the Bank of America Institute 
 and Head of Global Research 
 Jeffrey Busconi 
 Head of Corporate Strategy 
 & Operational Excellence 
 Lisa G. Clyde 
 Head of Global Corporate Banking 
 & Global Leasing 
 Lawrence T. Di Rita 
 Head of Public Policy 
 Mary Hines Droesch 
 Head of Product for Consumer, Business, 
 Wealth Management Banking & Lending 
 Christopher J. Fabro 
 Head of Global Compensation, Benefits, 
 Travel, and GHR Regulatory Relations 
 Karen Fang 
 Global Head of Sustainable Finance 
 April L. Francois 
 Chief Risk Officer, CFO and Head of 
 Enterprise Financial Risk 
 Craig Froelich 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 Sarang R. Gadkari 
 Co-Head of Global Capital Markets 
 Debbie U. Helvig 
 Head of Global Corporate Communications 
 Shannon Lilly 
 Treasurer 
 Amy Littman 
 Legal Executive, Retail, Preferred, Merrill 
 and Private Bank 
 Denis Manelski 
 Global Markets COO and Head of 
 Global FICC Sales 
 Anil T. Matai 
 Global Human Resources Executive 
 and Life Event Services 
 E. Lee McEntire 
 Head of Investor Relations and Local 
 Markets Organization 
 Mark Monaco 
 Head of Global Payments Solutions 
 Tram V. Nguyen 
 Head of Global Strategic and 
 Sustainable Investments 
 Johnbull Okpara 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 Jessica A. Oppenheim 
 Head of External Communications 
 Lorna R. Sabbia 
 Head of Workplace Benefits 
 Purna R. Saggurti 
 Vice Chair, Bank of America 
 Thomas J. Sheehan 
 Co-Head of Global Investment Banking 
 Jin Su 
 President of APAC and Head of 
 APAC Global Markets 
 David C. Tyrie 
 Chief Digital Officer and Chief 
 Marketing Officer 
 Elif Bilgi Zapparoli 
 Head of International Client Strategy 
 Soofian J. Zuberi 
 Head of Global Equities 
 board of directors
 Brian T. Moynihan 
 Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 (Financial services) 
 Lionel L. Nowell III 
 Lead Independent Director, Bank of America 
 Corporation; Former Senior Vice President 
 and Treasurer, PepsiCo, Inc. 
 (Food, snack and beverage) 
 Sharon L. Allen 
 Former Chairman, Deloitte LLP 
 (Professional services) 
 José (Joe) E. Almeida 
 Former Chairman, President and Chief 
 Executive Officer, Baxter International Inc. 
 (Medical technology) 
 Pierre J.P. de Weck 
 Former Chairman and Global Head of Private 
 Wealth Management, Deutsche Bank AG 
 (Financial services) 
 Arnold W. Donald 
 Former President and Chief Executive Officer, 
 Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc 
 (Cruise and vacation); Incoming Lead 
 Independent Director, Salesforce, Inc. 
 (Customer relationship management software) 
 Linda P. Hudson 
 Former President and Chief Executive Officer, 
 BAE Systems, Inc. 
 (Defense aerospace and security) 
 Monica C. Lozano 
 Former Chief Executive Officer, College 
 Futures Foundation (Education nonprofit); 
 Former Chairman, US Hispanic Media Inc. 
 (News and information) 
 Maria N. Martinez 
 Former Executive Vice President and Chief 
 Operating Officer, Cisco Systems, Inc. 
 (Technology solutions) 
 Denise L. Ramos 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and President, 
 ITT Inc. (Technology solutions) 
 Clayton S. Rose 
 Baker Foundation Professor of Management 
 Practice, Harvard Business School 
 (Education) 
 Michael D. White 
 Former Chairman, President and 
 Chief Executive Officer, DIRECTV 
 (Television and entertainment services) 
 Thomas D. Woods 
 Former Vice Chairman and Senior 
 Executive Vice President, Canadian 
 Imperial Bank of Commerce 
 (Financial services) 
 Maria T. Zuber 
 Presidential Advisor for Science and 
 Technology Policy and E.A. 
 Griswold Professor of Geophysics, 
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
 (Research institution) 
 *Executive Officer 
 **All members of the Executive Management Team are also members of the Management Committee. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 220 | BANK OF AMERICA 2024
 Corporate Information 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Headquarters 
 The principal executive offices of Bank of America Corporation 
 (the Corporation) are located in the Bank of America Corporate 
 Center, 100 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC 28255. 
 Stock Listing 
 The Corporation’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock 
 Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol BAC. As of December 31, 
 2024, there were 131,084 registered holders of the Corporation’s 
 common stock. 
 Investor Relations 
 Analysts, portfolio managers and other investors seeking 
 additional information about Bank of America stock should 
 contact our Equity Investor Relations group at i_r@bofa.com 
 or 1.704.386.5681. For additional information about Bank of 
 America from a credit perspective, including debt and preferred 
 securities, contact our Fixed Income Investor Relations group 
 at fixedincomeir@bofa.com or 1.866.607.1234. Visit the 
 Investor Relations area of the Bank of America website, 
 investor.bankofamerica.com , for stock and dividend information, 
 financial news releases, links to Bank of America SEC filings, 
 electronic versions of our annual reports and other items of 
 interest to the Corporation’s shareholders. 
 Customers 
 For assistance with Bank of America products and services, 
 call 1.800.432.1000, or visit the Bank of America website 
 at bankofamerica.com . Additional toll-free numbers for 
 specific products and services are listed on our 
 website at bankofamerica.com/contact . 
 News Media 
 News media seeking information should visit our online 
 newsroom at newsroom.bankofamerica.com for news releases 
 and other items relating to the Corporation, including a complete 
 list of the Corporation’s media relations specialists grouped by 
 business specialty or geography. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 The Corporation’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K is available 
 at investor.bankofamerica.com . The Corporation also will provide 
 a copy of the 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K without charge 
 (without exhibits) upon written request addressed to: 
 Bank of America Corporation 
 Office of the Corporate Secretary 
 Bank of America Corporate Center 
 100 North Tryon Street 
 NC1-007-56-06 
 Charlotte, NC 28255 
 Shareholder Inquiries 
 For inquiries concerning dividend checks, electronic deposit of 
 dividends, dividend reinvestment, tax statements, electronic 
 delivery, transferring ownership, address changes or lost or stolen 
 stock certificates, contact Bank of America Shareholder Services 
 at Computershare Trust Company, N.A., via the internet at 
 computershare.com/bac ; call 1.800.642.9855 (hearing impaired 
 1.888.403.9700); or write to P.O. Box 43078, Providence, RI 
 02940. For general shareholder information, contact Bank of 
 America Office of the Corporate Secretary at 1.800.521.3984. 
 Shareholders outside of the United States and Canada may call 
 1.781.575.2621 (hearing impaired 1.781.575.4592). 
 Electronic Delivery 
 As part of our ongoing commitment to reduce paper consumption,
 we offer electronic methods for customer communications
 and transactions. Customers can sign up to receive online
 statements through their Bank of America or Merrill Lynch
 Wealth Management account website. In 2012, we adopted
 the SEC’s Notice and Access rule, which allows certain issuers
 to inform shareholders of the electronic availability of Proxy
 materials, including the Annual Report, which significantly
 reduced the number of printed copies we produce and mail to
 shareholders. Shareholders still receiving printed copies can
 join our efforts by electing to receive an electronic copy of
 the Annual Report and Proxy materials. If you have an account
 maintained in your name at Computershare Investor Services,
 you may sign up for this service at computershare.com/bac . 
 If your shares are held by a broker, bank or other nominee, 
 you may elect to receive an electronic copy of the Proxy 
 materials online at proxyvote.com or contact your broker. 
 Bank of America Corporation (“Bank of America”) is a financial holding company 
 that, through its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, provides banking and 
 non-banking financial services. 
 “Bank of America” and “BofA Securities” are the marketing names used by the Global Banking and Global Markets
 divisions of Bank of America Corporation. Lending, other commercial banking activities, and trading in certain financial
 instruments are performed globally by banking affiliates of Bank of America Corporation, including Bank of America,
 N.A., Member FDIC. Trading in securities and financial instruments, and strategic advisory, and other investment banking
 activities, are performed globally by investment banking affiliates of Bank of America Corporation (“Investment Banking
 Affiliates”), including, in the United States, BofA Securities, Inc. and Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp., both of
 which are registered broker-dealers and Members of SIPC, and, in other jurisdictions, by locally registered entities.
 BofA Securities, Inc. and Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corp. are registered as futures commission merchants
 with the CFTC and are members of the NFA.
 “Bank of America” is a marketing name for the Retirement Services business of Bank of America Corporation
 (“BofA Corp.”). Banking activities may be performed by wholly owned banking affiliates of BofA Corp., including
 Bank of America, N.A., member FDIC.
 Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., and affiliated banks, Members FDIC, and wholly owned 
 subsidiaries of BofA Corp. 
 Bank of America Private Bank is a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, and a wholly owned subsidiary of 
 Bank of America Corporation. 
 Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as “MLPF&S” or “Merrill”) makes available certain
 investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America
 Corporation (“BofA Corp.”). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC, and a
 wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.
 Investing involves risk. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Bank of America, Merrill, their affiliates,
 and advisors do not provide legal, tax, or accounting advice. Clients should consult their legal and/or tax advisors before
 making any financial decisions.
 The ranking or ratings shown herein may not be representative of all client experiences because they reflect an average
 or sampling of the client experiences. These rankings or ratings are not indicative of any future performance or
 investment outcome. More information can be found at https://newsroom.bankofamerica.com/awards .
 BofA Global Research is research produced by BofA Securities, Inc. (“BofAS”) and/or one or more of its affiliates. BofAS is
 a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC, and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
 Impact investing and/or Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) managers may take into consideration factors
 beyond traditional financial information to select securities, which could result in relative investment performance
 deviating from other strategies or broad market benchmarks, depending on whether such sectors or investments are in
 or out of favor in the market.
 Investment products: 
 Are Not FDIC Insured 
 May Lose Value 
 Are Not Bank Guaranteed 
 © 2025 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved. 
D e s i g n b y a dd i s on . c om

 
 
 © 2025 Bank of America Corporation 
 00-04-1383B 
 2024 BAC Annual Report