GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK
Think Big,
Build Bigger

1 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
A LETTER FROM STEPHAN FELDGOISE
For nearly three decades, I’ve had the privilege to work 
alongside extraordinary colleagues advising clients 
throughout their corporate life cycles: from early days 
focused on growth and scale to pivotal moments that 
redefine capabilities and entire industries. 
What remains constant throughout market cycles, geopolitical strife, and other exogenous shocks is the 
enduring focus of business leaders to build, grow—and when necessary, pivot. I wasn’t certain 
I would ever again experience M&A activity levels to rival those of 2021—but the markets in the second 
half of 2025 proved me wrong, and the foundational drivers heading into 2026 remain just as robust 
and encouraging.
Behind every transaction, no matter the backdrop or market cycle, is a story of conviction and strategic 
decision-making. And while strategy is paramount, so is timing—and the willingness to act when paths to 
financing and completion are more clear. M&A has always been cyclical: After the dot-com bubble and 
global financial crisis, strategic buyers rebuilt through consolidation. The post-pandemic cycle saw digital 
acceleration and record liquidity drive the fastest rebound in M&A history.
The current cycle will be defined by strategic repositioning and building for scale—and extraordinary 
ambition is accelerating the pace of these moves. Add to that: tremendous public and private capital 
and the macrocurrent of AI, which itself has created a domino effect across software, data centers, 
semiconductors, real estate, power, transmission, and so much more. While none of us knows precisely 
how the AI revolution will play out, companies, boards, and shareholders are seeing the benefit of holding 
multiple cards to play against the opportunity and risk it presents. 
Companies are reimagining their portfolios as innovation reshapes industries and capital awaits deployment. 
Those who think strategically and act boldly will set the course for what comes next.
Stephan Feldgoise
Global Head of M&A
Stephan Feldgoise
Global Head of M&A

2 
Corporates and 
sponsors are seizing 
an innovation 
supercycle—fueling 
a wave of strategic 
growth. 
Our 2026 Global M&A 
Outlook explores the 
key catalysts driving 
transformation in the 
year ahead. 
An Innovation Supercycle 
Fueling Strategic Growth 
AI is a key driver of innovation, 
disrupting entire sectors of the 
economy and broadening the 
aperture for strategic dealmaking. 
As policy uncertainty moderates and 
valuations normalize, “dream deals” 
are increasingly defining the M&A 
landscape as industry leaders look 
to acquire new capabilities.
20
26
Private Markets at the 
Epicenter of M&A Dealmaking 
Private markets have become 
central to global M&A. Sponsors 
are deploying capital at scale 
while simultaneously managing 
the timing and execution of exits. 
Larger, more complex transactions 
are becoming increasingly prevalent 
as financing options and innovative 
deal structures expand.
Complex Deals Demanding 
Flexible Capital Solutions
The size and structural complexity 
of transactions are growing 
alongside shifting financial 
conditions, regulatory constraints, 
and business priorities. Now, 
traditional siloed financing products 
are being replaced by new capital 
solutions offering more bespoke, 
flexible structures.
Proactive Measures Against 
Public Activist Campaigns 
The current environment has created 
a favorable landscape for activism, 
with public campaign volumes nearing 
a five-year high.1 This surge is largely 
driven by M&A-related demands 
as activists increasingly push for 
corporate transformation and 
strategic clarity.

3 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
Volatility never dissipates entirely, but it becomes navigable with improved 
clarity. After markets digested the initial shock of US tariff announcements 
and reciprocal measures in Q2, M&A activity sharply accelerated as central 
banks cut rates, policy uncertainty moderated, valuations normalized, and 
markets recalibrated. CEO sentiment has strengthened in turn, fueling an 
environment increasingly defined by “dream deals” as industry leaders 
look to acquire new capabilities that supercharge their next phase of 
growth. Large-scale M&A has meaningfully accelerated across regions—
with global M&A volumes +40%2 and global mega M&A (+$10bn) volumes 
+128% YoY.3 
MEGA M&A DEAL COUNT4
 Americas 
+74% 
 EMEA 
+150% 
 APAC 
+275% 
The AI Factor: Build, Buy, Pivot
Unlike previous technology-driven transformations, AI is disrupting every 
industry all at once—albeit to varying degrees—which is broadening 
the aperture for strategic M&A across sectors. And unlike other macro 
tailwinds that may economically rhyme with prior market cycles—AI is 
completely new to boardrooms. It is seismic in its potential impact, 
but expertise is limited—pushing boards and management teams 
to make large-scale decisions with a limited knowledge base. These 
transactions are increasingly both defensive and proactive: insulating 
companies against disruption while positioning acquirers 
for sustained expansion. 
As the AI era continues to accelerate, the sheer amount of compute it 
requires has ignited a surge in demand across digital infrastructure, power 
and energy, semiconductors, and hardware optimization. In response, 
corporates are choosing to acquire rather than build across the technology 
stack—where scale and time-to-market remain decisive advantages. 
Between Q1 2024 and Q3 2025, US hyperscalers’ CapEx averaged $760 
million per day.5 By 2030, another 65 GW of data center capacity is 
expected to come online—more than double the amount added from 
2019 to 2024—while next-generation “AI factories” with +1 GW campuses 
introduce new challenges and opportunities.6 At this scale, everything 
gets more complex for lenders, developers, and hyperscalers—making the 
efficient sourcing, deploying, and recycling of capital more critical than 
ever. OpenAI’s recapitalization in October underscores how structural 
creativity has become a standard feature of many AI-related transactions.7
2026 GLOBAL M&A SURVEY 
By the Numbers
Results from a November Goldman Sachs survey 
of 600 corporate and financial sponsor clients 
support a bullish outlook for global M&A deal 
volumes in 2026.8
57% 
believe a focus on 
scale and strategic 
growth will be the 
primary factor driving 
M&A decisions.9 

51% 
believe that AI will 
have a moderate 
to high impact on 
M&A strategy.10 
An Innovation Supercycle Fueling Scaled 
Corporate Transformation 

4 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
4 
4 
“The fundamental drivers of 
M&A—the availability of 
capital in the public and private 
markets, the resurgence of 
the IPO market, the desire 
to continue to position 
strategically, the ability to get 
things done—these forces 
are all in play in 2026.” 
David Dubner | Global COO of M&A and Global Head of M&A Structuring

5 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
Redefining Global Industries 
While technological innovation remains a core catalyst for transformative M&A, the drive to unlock value and growth in the current 
environment is universal—reshaping strategies and competitive dynamics across every sector. In EMEA and certain parts of APAC, 
where AI innovation is less mature, acquirers are pursuing new opportunities across adjacent sectors—from advanced biopharma 
platforms to energy-transition infrastructure.
Healthcare
Global M&A activity in healthcare has surged (volumes +41% YoY12 ) alongside a continued push for innovation as large-cap 
pharma companies look for the next breakthrough treatment and private equity activity continues to accelerate. In the back 
half of 2025, we saw a notable uptick in mega M&A activity (Hologic’s $18.3bn13 sale to Blackstone and TPG; Avidity Biosciences’ 
$12bn14 sale to Novartis AG; Metsera’s $10bn15 sale to Pfizer; Cidara Therapeutics’ $9.2bn16 sale to Merck). We expect companies 
will continue to leverage M&A to diversify their portfolios and secure enhanced capabilities amid rising demand and rapid 
scientific advances.
Industrials
We saw a significant wave of global industrials M&A activity in 2025 (volumes +49% YoY17) as companies similarly focus on 
acquiring enhanced capabilities to improve positioning across attractive growth markets. Baker Hughes’ $13.6bn18 acquisition 
of Chart Industries and Boyd Corporation’s $9.5bn19 sale of its Thermal business to Eaton underscore this theme. In 2026, we 
expect to see robust activity driven by the growing demand for electrification, energy transition, and infrastructure to support 
continued AI investment. 
Natural Resources
We also saw a notable uptick in natural resources activity—with global volumes +26% YoY20 (Anglo American’s $53bn21 merger 
of equals with Teck Resources Limited; Black Hills Corporation’s $15bn22 merger with NorthWestern Energy; and NRG Energy 
Inc.’s $12bn23 acquisition of LS Power). We expect supply-demand imbalances for essential commodities and critical minerals, 
accelerating AI-related infrastructure investments, and a growing premium for scale will continue to fuel strategic dealmaking 
across the sector.
Global M&A Volumes Hover at All-Time Highs11
Total Volumes YoY
Mega M&A Volumes YoY
Sponsor M&A Volumes YoY
 AMER
+45% +108% +57% 
 EMEA
+38% +241% +59% 
 APAC
+43% +385% +38% 

6 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
OPTIMIZING FOR SUCCESS: 
CORPORATE SEPARATION ACTIVITY
In 2025, M&A activity has repeated 
the pattern of the past decade: The 
“conglomerate discount” persists in public 
markets. In fact, separations continue to 
generate blended average excess shareholder 
returns post-close for RemainCos and 
NewCos.26 Global corporate separation 
activity has continued to accelerate (+38%27 
on a completed deal value basis) as large-
cap corporates focus on diversifying 
portfolios both to examine the value of 
existing businesses and to generate capital 
for strategic growth. As they increasingly 
leverage simplification activity to gain focus, 
activist investors have been particularly 
demanding—attempting to catalyze action 
themselves by pushing for separations or 
exerting their influence on the newly created 
company post-separation. 
+38% 
YoY global corporate separation activity on 
a completed deal value basis28
Rising tariffs and a more fractured global trade environment 
are forcing companies to rethink how—and where—they grow. 
Cross-border activity has been particularly active in APAC, where companies are 
expanding beyond their domestic markets to enhance technological capabilities. In 
Japan, Daimler Truck and Toyota Motors’ merger of Mitsubishi Fuso and Hino Motors 
has created a commercial vehicle leader with scale to accelerate autonomous, 
electric, and hydrogen technologies across the industry.24 Looking ahead, as organic 
expansion becomes increasingly difficult, we expect more companies to rely on 
both cross-border and intra-regional moves to secure growth and strengthen 
competitive positioning.
In EMEA, companies are turning to regional consolidation—particularly 
in more fragmented sectors like industrials and regional banks—when 
cross-border expansion becomes more complex or less cost-effective. 
Overall momentum in the region is also being driven by outsized 
ambitions to build larger, more resilient regional players capable of 
meeting increasingly high sustainability and technological demands. 
24% 
believe geopolitical 
shifts will bring 
increased focus on 
domestic markets.25

2026 GLOBAL M&A SURVEY 
By the Numbers
51% 
believe their access to private 
capital will have moderate to 
high impact on their M&A 
decision-making in 2026.29
+31% 
Global take-private 
volumes YoY30
7 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
With improved access to attractive financing, more companies 
are staying private for longer, avoiding the volatility and 
complexities of the public market. While the United States 
continues to anchor global private market activity—with 
heightened capital deployment, a deepening bench of 
institutional investors and alternative asset managers, and new 
capital structures broadening the market’s structural abilities—
EMEA is also becoming more active. We expect modernized 
regulations, maturing capital pools, and heightened sponsor 
appetite to fuel private market expansion in the region.
Sponsors, sitting atop elevated levels of dry powder and 
unrealized value, are working to both deploy capital at scale 
and manage the timing and execution of exits. Larger, more 
complex transactions are increasingly prevalent as sponsors 
leverage expanded financing options and innovative deal 
structures. Take-private activity in particular has expanded 
in scope and ambition (+31% global volumes YoY)31—
allowing financial sponsors to recapitalize, reorganize, and 
reposition newly private companies by removing public 
market headwinds. At the same time, the realization of 
existing portfolios is accelerating as strategic sales and partial 
divestments provide liquidity for sponsors to distribute to 
limited partners or recycle into higher-growth investments. 
Private Markets at the Epicenter of Dealmaking
Private capital has moved to the center of M&A dealmaking—redefining the art of the possible for 
financing and broader capital markets solutions.
$35
$68
$52
$57
$71
$110
$132
6%
9%
10%
13%
14%
16%
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025E
2026E
6%
GP-Led Secondaries Volume ($mn)
Continuation Vehicles as a % of Total Sponsor Portfolio Company Exit Volume
GP-led secondaries, most prominently continuation vehicles (CVs), have emerged as a core liquidity solution for high-quality private assets, 
with global secondaries volumes nearing ~$200bn in 2025 (vs. ~$40–45bn a decade ago).32 These private equity funds are created to hold 
and grow existing portfolio companies managed by a sponsor while providing optional proceeds to underlying limited partners seeking an 
exit. Given high returns, top-performing businesses no longer require full exits to maximize value for LPs within a rigidly defined window—
yet they still require capital for growth and liquidity. The viability of these structures has changed perceptions around traditional holding 
periods—offering sponsors and LPs liquidity, continued governance, and extended value creation. The concept of staying private “forever” 
has shifted from a hypothetical to credible strategic model. 
In turn, CVs have become sophisticated platforms for optimizing outcomes. In August, GI Partners’ CV for Flexential,33 a leading provider of 
colocation and data center interconnect capacity, signaled this shift—illustrating that CVs can be a viable alternative to an IPO or sale.
Growth in Global GP-Led Secondaries Expected to Continue in 202634

“Diversification among 
institutional investors and 
new fund structures are 
expanding access to private 
markets—allowing more firms 
to leverage innovative solutions 
to drive growth and adapt to 
evolving market dynamics.” 
Haidee Lee | Global Co-Head of Sponsor M&A
8 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
8 

9 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
With more capital comes a more diversified ecosystem of market participants eager to tap into the 
co-investment space. 
Private equity, private credit, and privately held assets in infrastructure and real estate are projected to grow from $15tn today to $23tn 
by 2029.35 Private equity alone has grown to represent ~40% of the M&A market, while private credit—a $2.1tn asset class that is expected to 
more than double by 2030—continues to gain steam, fueled by borrowers’ increased desire for flexibility.36 Infrastructure funds are deploying 
long-duration capital that helps broaden the scope of opportunities in both core and emerging markets. The recent sale of Electronic Arts 
to PIF, Silverlake Partners, and Affinity Partners for $55bn also reflects an influx of sovereign wealth funds—increasingly acting as lead rather 
than passive investors.37 Large family offices borne out of innovation-era wealth have added new and vast pools of capital to the funding mix. 
There is no shortage of private capital to be deployed, and new entrants are increasingly leveraging hybrid capital solutions to do so—but it’s 
imperative that the source and structure align with a company’s strategic goals.
Private Equity
Key focus areas
Deploying capital at scale while managing the timing 
and execution of exits.
What to watch
Large consortium and co-underwrite transactions underpinning mega 
deals, and GP-led secondaries—most prominently CVs leveraged to 
hold high-performing assets longer—providing liquidity to LPs and 
maintaining exposure to growth initiatives.
Private Credit
Key focus areas 
Capitalizing on restrictions of traditional lenders by 
offering tailored solutions with faster execution and 
more flexible time periods. 
What to watch
Investors continuing to demand attractive risk-adjusted 
returns and portfolio diversification to drive momentum.
Sovereign Wealth Funds
Key focus areas
Large capital reserves enabling 
strategic stakes that can influence 
global markets.
What to watch
Purpose-driven investors targeting 
transformative sectors and mobilizing
large-scale, durable capital to drive 
outsize influence.
Retail Capital 
Key focus areas
Demand for diversification driving
increased consideration of retail access 
to private markets through select 
funds, including 401(k)s.38 
What to watch
Evolving regulatory frameworks 
further enabling paths to previously 
inaccessible markets.
Institutional Investors
Key focus areas
Driving long-term capital appreciation to match or 
exceed growth of liabilities, with liquidity secured 
through public allocations.
What to watch
Pension funds and insurance companies—already at private market 
allocation limits—seeking to increase caps or actively manage 
portfolios (e.g., through portfolio sales on secondary market) to 
free up capital for new private investments.
Family Offices 
Key focus areas
Bypassing traditional fund structures to invest 
directly or co-invest alongside GPs, prioritizing
 speed and control.
What to watch
Gaining exposure through the private markets, 
particularly in infrastructure investments that 
support the development of AI. 
The depth and breadth 
of private market investors 
are reflected in their varying 
approaches to emerging 
opportunities.

10 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
Complex Dealmaking Demanding Flexible 
Capital Solutions
The size and structural complexity of transactions are growing alongside rapidly changing market structures 
and shifting financial conditions, regulatory constraints, and business priorities. In response, traditional siloed 
financing products are being augmented by new capital solutions offering more bespoke, flexible structures.
Structured high-grade solutions are empowering corporates to fund large-scale 
CapEx and acquisitions amid an unprecedented global demand for financing—at a 
lower cost of capital and while maintaining investment-grade credit ratings. Low-cost, 
long-duration sources of private capital—particularly insurers and infrastructure 
equity sponsors—have become critical when partnering with large, investment-
grade corporates to deploy capital away from unsecured debt into higher-yielding 
investment-grade structures.
These bespoke solutions solve for a broad set of strategic and financial objectives: 
delivering non-dilutive capital that qualifies for both accounting and rating-agency 
equity treatment; providing the ability to either fully consolidate or deconsolidate the 
structure; creating an attractive cost of capital—substantially cheaper than equity 
but at a premium to unsecured debt; permitting issuers to preserve full operational 
control of underlying assets; and incorporating formula-based buyback provisions 
that cap investor upside, ensuring alignment over the investment cycle. While these 
solutions have become more prominent for data center financing, their application 
spans sectors and use cases. In September, Sumitomo Corporation, SMBC Aviation 
Capital, Apollo, and Brookfield acquired Air Lease Corporation, the first-ever 
transaction in which a high-grade capital solution with insurance capital was used to 
fund public company M&A.39
From the AI infrastructure build-out and global energy transition 
to reshoring, trillions of CapEx dollars must be spent in the next 
five years. 
Structured high-grade solutions will be critical to funding these ambitious growth 
projects—leveraging third-party capital in addition to corporate cash flows and 
balance sheets. We expect these structures will be used to monetize existing assets 
or business lines—allowing corporates to deleverage balance sheets and potentially 
free up cash for redeployment into growth areas. For buy-side acquisition financing, 
bespoke structures allow investment-grade corporates to raise third-party capital 
at a lower (debt-like) cost with a capped upside and also to improve returns for 
traditional equity partners. Keurig Dr. Pepper, for example, lowered its leverage and 
overall debt levels when buying JDE Peet’s by tapping asset-backed JV financing for 
its coffee pod manufacturing facilities.40 We expect these solutions to become a core 
instrument of strategic financing going forward. 
For sponsors, fund-level financing has emerged as a critical tool to help alternative 
asset managers achieve complex and large-scale deal execution. These solutions 
allow sponsors to raise more flexible capital at the fund level and effectively 
distribute it to portfolio companies—whether to bridge capital needs or leverage 
purchasing power in a competitive process. The result is a more liquid and efficient 
funding landscape that will continue to enable sponsors to execute with greater 
certainty across transactions.

11 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
Issuers
Corporates
Sponsors
Governments
Financial Institutions
Investors 
Institutional Clients
Goldman Sachs
 Balance Sheet
Asset & Wealth 
Management Funds
Capital 
Solutions Group
Client Connectivity
Idea Generation
Origination
Structuring
Capital Solutions Group: Partnering with Corporates and Sponsors to Fund the Future
Goldman Sachs’ Capital Solutions Group was formed in early 2025, bringing together the world’s #1 advisory franchise, a leading 
origination business, and a world-class investing platform that deploys capital across liquid and alternative asset classes.
This platform marries the strength of our global corporate franchise with the depth of our asset management business, creating a virtuous 
cycle of capital and a strategic advantage for our clients.
The world is changing—
and Goldman Sachs has 
always rapidly evolved 
in parallel—improving 
upon what we do best 
and partnering with our 
clients to shape what 
comes next.

12 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
12 
“When we think about the 
large-scale investment we 
need for infrastructure, energy 
transition, and technology—
you have an institutional 
investor base that’s ready 
to act, paired with great 
formation of capital in the 
private and public markets to 
support this rising demand.”
 Christina Minnis | Global Head of Credit & Asset Finance and Head of Global Acquisition Finance in the Capital Solutions Group

13 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
Velocity of Public Activist Campaigns Will Demand 
More Proactive Measures
Despite equity market volatility in 1H, US activism levels are poised to set a new five-year high by year end 
(+10% YoY),41 driven by the acceleration of M&A activity—and, with that, rising confidence among activist 
funds that M&A premiums may be obtainable in a broader set of targets.
That said, activist hedge funds face significant pressure when fund returns struggle to match or outperform AI-driven index returns—
forced to demonstrate alpha generation with their investments or risk a contraction of assets under management.
Continued expansion of the universe of activists is also fueling an overall increase in public campaigns as new generations of fund 
managers launch their own vehicles and previously dormant activist funds reemerge.
We expect certain features of recent activism campaigns to become more prominent, including:
1
Impatience with corporate “self-help” plans and insistence on more urgent strategic solutions (e.g., sale processes) to reduce 
execution risk
2
More frequent swarming, in which multiple funds follow one another into an investment, demanding their own solutions
3
Emphasis on capital allocation—both return of capital to shareholders and criticism of prior acquisitions
4
Scrutiny on announced transaction values and board evaluation of alternatives, resulting in campaigns to “bump up” the offer value 
or “break” the deal
5
Increased demand for portfolio clarification and calls for unbundling to ensure strategic alignment
To stay ahead of the frenetic pace of activist velocity, we 
recommend that public corporates annually review their 
exposures at both the management and board level. 
We welcome the opportunity to partner with our clients 
on a proactive, strategic approach.

14 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
14 
As we enter 2026, the M&A landscape is primed for a new wave of strategic 
transformation. Volatility has recalibrated priorities, but it has also created an 
attractive opportunity set. Companies are no longer just seeking scale; they’re 
reimagining their portfolios through strategic, capability-driven acquisitions 
that position them for both defensive measures and innovation—reshaping 
industries and driving long-term growth. 
Private capital is increasingly at the center of dealmaking, offering bespoke 
and strategic capital solutions. Activism has become a catalyst for change—
pushing companies to clarify their strategies—while new capital structures 
are providing the flexibility necessary for executing complex transactions and 
large-scale investments. 
The ambition to build something enduring is constant. At Goldman Sachs, 
through deep expertise and exceptional execution, we’re committed to 
helping our clients seize new opportunities and unlock growth.
Think Big,
Build Bigger

15 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
BRIAN HAUFRECT
Global COO of Investment Banking and
Co-Head of Americas M&A 
AVINASH MEHROTRA
Co-Head of Americas M&A and
Global Head of Activism, Shareholder
Advisory & Takeover Defense Practices 
BEN WALLACE
Co-Head of Americas M&A and
Global Head of Healthcare M&A 
NIMESH KHIROYA
Co-Head of EMEA M&A
CARSTEN WOEHRN
Co-Head of EMEA M&A
RAGHAV MALIAH
Global Chairman of Investment 
Banking, Co-Head of APAC M&A, and
Head of APEJ Technology, Media & Telecom
YOSHIHIKO YANO
Co-Head of APAC M&A and 
Co-Head of Japan Investment Banking
ED WITTIG
Co-Head of APAC M&A
CHRISTINA MINNIS
Global Head of Credit & Asset Finance and 
Head of Global Acquisition Finance
HAIDEE LEE
Global Co-Head of Sponsor M&A
COLIN CONVEY
Global Co-Head of Sponsor M&A
PAMELA CODO-LOTTI
Global COO of Activism & 
Shareholder Advisory
Global Co-Heads, 
Investment Banking
MATT MCCLURE
ANTHONY GUTMAN 
KIM POSNETT 
Global Co-Heads, 
EMEA Investment 
Banking
ANDRE KELLENERS
ANNA SKOGLUND
Global Co-Heads, 
Capital Solutions Group
PETE LYON 
MAHESH SAIREDDY
 
Global Head, 
APAC Investment 
Banking 
IAIN DRAYTON
Global M&A Leadership
STEPHAN FELDGOISE
Head of Global M&A
DAVID DUBNER
Global COO of M&A and 
Global Head of M&A 
Structuring 
Co-Chairs, Global M&A 
GENE SYKES 
TIM INGRASSIA
DUSTY PHILIP
GILBERTO POZZI
DAN BLANK
Contributors
SUHAIL SIKHTIAN
MARK SORRELL 
PETER VAN DER GOES
KATRIEN CARBONEZ 
JOHN GREENWOOD 
JAMES SINCLAIR 
YASSAMAN SALAS
STEPHEN STITES
SONIA GUPTA
DANIEL KORICH
REBECCA KRUGER
EMILY BAKER 
BRIAN WEISS
MARISSA FREUND 
JOSEF MENASCHE 
NEIL RUDISILL 
ASMITA SINGH 
CHRIS BOLES 
MINSI CHUNG 
NICK GLEIZE 
ADELA IBRAHIMI 
CHARLOTTE JACOBSEN
ANDREW KIM 
MATT KIM 
MILA MILATOVIC 
DAMIEN PETZOLD 
MICHAEL SANTIAGO 
LARKYN SINCLAIR 
REBECCA COUGHLIN 
CAROLINE BROOKS 
JAMIE CATHERWOOD 
ALI DADDIO 
NINA DUDKO 
LANSING MOORE 
ELLA PEPPER 
MALENA BHONSLAY 
JEREMAYAH BLIN 
ADAIR NGUYEN

16 
GOLDMAN SACHS 2026 GLOBAL M&A OUTLOOK: THINK BIG, BUILD BIGGER
Endnotes
1 FactSet; data as of September 30, 2025. Note: Includes campaigns to maximize 
shareholder value, enhance corporate governance, secure Board representation 
or control, and remove directors or officers at US companies with market caps 
>$500mn. 
2 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
3 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
4 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
5 FactSet. Global hyperscalers include Meta, Amazon, Alphabet, and Microsoft. 
6 https://www.reuters.com/technology/meta-invest-up-65-bln-capital-expenditure-
this-year-2025-01-24/ 
7 Press release. October 28, 2025 
8 Results based on a survey of 600 Goldman Sachs Investment Banking clients—
including corporates, financial sponsors, sovereign entities, and nonprofits—
conducted between 11/18/25 and 12/1/25. 
9 Results based on a survey of 600 Goldman Sachs Investment Banking clients—
including corporates, financial sponsors, sovereign entities, and nonprofits—
conducted between 11/18/25 and 12/1/25. 
10 Results based on a survey of 600 Goldman Sachs Investment Banking clients—
including corporates, financial sponsors, sovereign entities, and nonprofits—
conducted between 11/18/25 and 12/1/25. 
11 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
12 Dealogic and internal GS industry classifications as of November 30, 2025. 
13 Press release. October 21, 2025 
14 Press release. October 26, 2025 
15 Press release. November 13, 2025 
16 Press release. November 14, 2025 
17 Dealogic and internal GS industry classifications as of November 30, 2025. 
18 Press release. July 29, 2025 
19 Press release. November 3, 2025 
20 Dealogic and internal GS industry classifications as of November 30, 2025. 
21 Press release. December 12, 2025 
22 Press release. August 18, 2025 
23 Press release. May 12, 2025 
24 Press release. October 6, 2025 
25 Results based on a survey of 600 Goldman Sachs Investment Banking clients—
including corporates, financial sponsors, sovereign entities, and nonprofits—
conducted between 11/18/25 and 12/1/25. 
26 FactSet, public company filings; excess total shareholder returns defined as the 
change in the company’s equity value plus dividends paid out over the same 
period, starting with the day before announcement for ParentCo and the two 
years following close for RemainCo and NewCo on a blended basis, indexed 
against specific S&P 500 sector benchmarks. Dataset includes over 230 separation 
transactions that have closed since 2012 with a market cap >$1bn and includes 
announced deals pending completion. Note: Past performance is not indicative of 
future results. 
27 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
28 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
29 Results based on a survey of 600 Goldman Sachs Investment Banking clients—
including corporates, financial sponsors, sovereign entities, and nonprofits—
conducted between 11/18/25 and 12/1/25. 
30 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
31 Dealogic as of November 30, 2025 
32 Goldman Sachs Exchanges, “The Rise of Secondaries: Unlocking Liquidity in Private 
Markets.” September 29, 2025. 
33 Press release. August 20, 2025 
34 Dealogic estimates for sponsor-backed exit deal volume, including M&A and IPO 
proceeds. Percentage represents CV transaction volume (numerator) over sponsor-
backed exit deal volume (denominator).
35 Preqin data as of Q3 2024, as published in “Future of Alternatives 2029” in June 2025. 
The estimates of private markets in 2029 do not include the asset-based finance 
market. Private equity is inclusive of venture capital. There is no guarantee that any 
forecasts made will come to pass.
36 BlackRock, Preqin, Cliffwater. Historical data from Preqin and Cliffwater 
as of March 2025. 
37 Press release. September 29, 2025 
38 https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/2025/08/democratizing-access-
to-alternative-assets-for-401k-investors/ 
39 Press release. September 2, 2025 
40 Press release. October 27, 2025 
41 FactSet; data as of September 30, 2025. Note: Includes campaigns to maximize 
shareholder value, enhance corporate governance, secure Board representation 
or control, and remove directors or officers at US companies with market caps 
>$500mn. 
 
ENDNOTES AND DISCLAIMER
Disclaimer
This paper has been prepared by Goldman Sachs Investment Banking for informational purposes and is not a product of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research. This paper, in 
whole or in part, should not be copied, published, reproduced or otherwise duplicated, or be distributed or otherwise disseminated to any other person. This paper does not purport 
to contain a comprehensive overview of Goldman Sachs’ products and offerings and may differ from the views and opinions of other departments or segments of Goldman Sachs 
and its affiliates.
This paper should not be used as a basis for trading in the securities or loans of any company, including those named herein, or for any other investment decision, and it does not 
constitute an offer of solicitation with respect to the securities or loans of any company, including those named herein, or a solicitation of proxies or votes and should not be construed 
as consisting of investment advice. 
Unless otherwise indicated herein, this paper has been prepared using, and is based on, information obtained by us from publicly available sources. In preparing this paper, we have 
applied certain assumptions and have relied upon and assumed, without assuming any responsibility for independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all financial, legal, 
regulatory, tax, accounting and other information provided to, discussed with or reviewed by us. This paper is necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other conditions as 
in effect on, and the information made available to us as of, the dates indicated herein and we assume no responsibility for updating or revising this paper. 
Goldman Sachs is not providing any financial, economic, investment, accounting, tax, or legal advice through this paper or to its recipients. Neither Goldman Sachs nor any of its affiliates 
makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the statements or any information contained in this paper and any liability therefore 
(including in respect of direct, indirect, or consequential loss or damage) is expressly disclaimed. 
© 2025 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved.