Microsoft FY25 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call 
Jonathan Neilson, Satya Nadella, Amy Hood 
Wednesday July 30, 2025 
 
JONATHAN NEILSON: 
Good afterpnoon and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me 
are Satya Nadella, chairman and chief executive officer, Amy Hood, chief 
financial officer, Alice Jolla, chief accounting officer, and Keith Dolliver, 
corporate secretary and deputy general counsel. 
On the Microsoft Investor Relations website, you can find our earnings 
press release and financial summary slide deck, which is intended to 
supplement our prepared remarks during today’s call and provides the 
reconciliation of differences between GAAP and non-GAAP financial 
measures. More detailed outlook slides will be available on the Microsoft 
Investor Relations website when we provide outlook commentary on 
today’s call. 
On this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP items. The non-GAAP financial 
measures provided should not be considered as a substitute for or superior 
to the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with 
GAAP. They are included as additional clarifying items to aid investors in 

further understanding the company's fourth quarter performance in 
addition to the impact these items and events have on the financial results.  
All growth comparisons we make on the call today relate to the 
corresponding period of last year unless otherwise noted. We will also 
provide growth rates in constant currency, when available, as a framework 
for assessing how our underlying businesses performed, excluding the 
effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. Where growth rates are the 
same in constant currency, we will refer to the growth rate only. 
We will post our prepared remarks to our website immediately following 
the call until the complete transcript is available. Today's call is being 
webcast live and recorded. If you ask a question, it will be included in our 
live transmission, in the transcript, and in any future use of the recording. 
You can replay the call and view the transcript on the Microsoft Investor 
Relations website. 
During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements which are 
predictions, projections, or other statements about future events. These 
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are 
subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could materially differ 
because of factors discussed in today's earnings press release, in the 
comments made during this conference call, and in the risk factor section of 
our Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q, and other reports and filings with the 

Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not undertake any duty to 
update any forward-looking statement. 
And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Satya. 
SATYA NADELLA: 
Thank you, Jonathan. 
It was a very strong close to what was a record fiscal year for us. 
All up, Microsoft Cloud surpassed $168 billion in annual revenue, up 23%. 
The rate of innovation and the speed of diffusion is unlike anything we’ve 
seen. 
To that end, we are building the most comprehensive suite of AI products 
and tech stack, at massive scale. 
And to provide more context, I want to walk up the stack, starting with 
Azure. 
Azure surpassed $75 billion in annual revenue, up 34%, driven by growth 
across all workloads. 
We continue to lead the AI infrastructure wave, and took share every 
quarter this year. 
We opened new DCs across six continents, and now have over 400 
datacenters across 70 regions, more than any other cloud provider. 

There is a lot of talk in the industry about building the first gigawatt and 
multi-gigawatt datacenters. 
We stood up more than two gigawatts of new capacity over the past 12 
months alone. 
And we continue to scale our owned datacenter capacity faster than any 
other competitor. 
Every Azure region is now AI-first. 
All of our regions can now support liquid cooling, increasing the fungibility 
and the flexibility of our fleet. 
And we are driving and riding a set of compounding S curves across silicon, 
systems, and models to continuously improve the efficiency and 
performance for our customers. 
Take for example GPT4o family of models – which have the highest volume 
of inference tokens. Through software optimization alone, we are delivering 
90% more tokens for the same GPU compared to a year ago. 
Beyond the AI fleet, we continue to build our commercial cloud to address 
customers’ unique data residency and sovereignty requirements. 
This quarter we introduced the Microsoft Sovereign Cloud, the industry’s 
most comprehensive solution spanning both public and private cloud 
deployments. 

All of this innovation is driving our strong results. 
We saw accelerating growth from migrations again this quarter. 
Nestlé, for example, migrated more than 200 SAP instances, 10,000-plus 
servers, 1.2 petabytes of data to Azure with near-zero business disruption. 
That makes it one of the largest and most successful migrations in business 
history. 
The next big accelerator in the cloud will be Quantum, and I am excited 
about our progress. 
In fact, earlier this month, we announced the world's first operational 
deployment of a Level 2 quantum computer, in partnership with Atom 
Computing. 
This is how we will continue to think and make investments with decades-
long arcs, while making progress every quarter. 
The next layer is data, which is foundational to every AI application. 
Microsoft Fabric is becoming the complete data and analytics platform for 
the AI era, spanning everything from SQL to NoSQL to analytics workloads. 
It continues to gain momentum, with revenue up 55% year-over-year, and 
over 25,000 customers. 
It is the fastest growing database product in our history. 

Fabric OneLake spans all databases and clouds, including semantic models 
from Power BI. And therefore, it is the best source of knowledge and 
grounding for AI applications and context engineering. 
Azure Databricks and Snowflake on Azure both accelerated as well. 
Cosmos DB and Azure PostgreSQL are both powering mission-critical 
workloads at scale. 
OpenAI, for example, uses Cosmos DB in the hot path of every ChatGPT 
interaction – storing chat history, user profiles, and conversational state. 
And Azure PostgreSQL stores metadata critical to the operation of ChatGPT 
as well as OpenAI’s developer APIs. 
This year, we launched Azure AI Foundry to help customers design, 
customize, and manage AI applications and agents, at scale. 
Foundry features best-in-class tooling, management, observability, and 
built-in controls for trustworthy AI. 
Customers increasingly want to use multiple AI models to meet their 
specific performance, cost, and use case requirements. 
And with Foundry, they can provision inferencing throughput once and 
apply it across more models than any other hyperscaler, including models 
from OpenAI, DeepSeek, Meta, xAI’s Grok, and very soon, Black Forest Labs 
and Mistral AI. 

We sim-shipped 15 models from OpenAI alone on Foundry this year, 
providing same-day access to state-of-the-art models deeply integrated 
with our infrastructure and tools. 
And we are seeing accelerated adoption of our new Foundry Agent Service, 
which is now being used by 14,000 customers to build agents that 
automate complex tasks. 
For example, Nasdaq is using Foundry to build agents that help customers 
prepare for board meetings, cutting prep time by up to 25%. 
All up, 80% of the Fortune 500 already use Foundry. 
And when we look narrowly at just the number of tokens served by Foundry 
APIs, we processed over 500 trillion this year, up over 7X. 
This is a good indicator of true platform diffusion beyond a few head apps 
and services. 
Talking about the app layer, these applications are becoming embedded in 
our daily work and life. 
Our family of Copilot apps has surpassed 100 million monthly active users 
across commercial and consumer. 
And when you take a broader look at the engagement of AI features across 
our products, we have over 800 million monthly active users. 

Microsoft 365 Copilot is becoming the new way to organize work and 
workflow, and work artifacts. 
We rolled out our biggest update to Microsoft 365 Copilot to date this 
quarter, bringing together chat, search, create, notebooks, as well as 
agents into one intuitive scaffolding. 
With this innovation and continued product improvements, we are seeing 
real momentum: 
Customers continue to adopt Copilot at a faster rate than any other new 
Microsoft 365 suite, with strong usage intensity, as shown by our week-
over-week retention. 
And we saw the largest quarter of seat adds since launch with a record 
number of customers returning to buy more seats. 
Barclays, for example, will roll out Microsoft 365 Copilot to 100,000 
employees globally, following a successful initial deployment of 15,000. 
UBS is expanding its own deployment to all of its employees, after initially 
rolling it out to 55,000 of them. 
And Adobe, KPMG, Pfizer, Wells Fargo all purchased over 25,000 seats this 
quarter. 
Tens of thousands of organizations have already used our Researcher and 
Analyst deep reasoning agents in the first weeks of availability. 

And we have introduced group-level agents in Teams like Facilitator and 
Interpreter which generate real-time translation and notes in meetings. 
Hundreds of partners like Adobe, SAP, ServiceNow, and Workday have built 
their own third-party agents that integrate with Copilot and Teams. 
We are also seeing more customers use Copilot Studio to extend Microsoft 
365 Copilot and build their own agents. 
This year, customers created 3 million agents using SharePoint and Copilot 
Studio. 
And with Copilot Tuning, they can easily create agents fine-tuned on their 
company's data, workflows, and style that reflect their unique tone, 
language, and expertise. 
We’re also seeing great traction among specific roles and functions, starting 
with developers. 
GitHub Copilot continues to have great momentum in IDE with Agent 
Mode, and new form factors like Coding agent, which is capable of 
asynchronously executing developer tasks. 
We have 20 million GitHub Copilot users. 
GitHub Copilot Enterprise customers increased 75% quarter over quarter as 
companies tailor Copilot to their own codebases. 
And 90% of the Fortune 100 now use GitHub Copilot. 

More broadly, GitHub usage and repos are seeing explosive growth 
because of AI. 
AI projects on GitHub more than doubled over the last year. 
The surge in vibe coding projects and AI coding agents, whether it is 
Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, or GitHub Copilot are generating more pull 
requests and more repos on GitHub. 
And, our Code Review agent is being used heavily across the platform, 
performing millions of code reviews each month. 
In healthcare, we had a breakout year for Dragon Copilot. 
Customers used our ambient AI solutions to document over 13 million 
physician-patient encounters this quarter, up nearly 7X year-over-year. 
For example, at Mercy health system more than 1,000 physicians are 
already using Copilot to reduce administrative burden so they can focus on 
providing better care. 
They have saved more than 100,000 hours to date and plan to expand to all 
5,000 providers. 
As one physician put it: “The best thing to happen to my practice in 10 
years.” 
And in security, we were the first in the industry to introduce agents to help 
defenders autonomously handle high-volume security and IT tasks. 

More broadly, AI is driving a fundamental change in the biz apps market, as 
customers shift from legacy systems to agentic business applications. 
Dynamics 365 took share this year. 
And we are winning customers in every industry, like Verizon with Sales, 
Domino’s Pizza Group with ERP, and 1-800-Flowers with Contact Center. 
When it comes to consumer apps, we are innovating across all surfaces. 
In fact, on Monday, we introduced Copilot Mode in Edge. 
It’s especially exciting to see the innovation coming back to browsers! 
Copilot Mode brings together the Copilot composer, chat, discover, search, 
and actions to build the next generation browser for the AI age. 
Our Copilot consumer app also continues to see strong growth in 
engagement and successful sessions. 
And we are bringing Copilot to every Windows 11 PC. 
With Copilot Vision, you can share your screen with Copilot and get real-
time insights and assistance on anything. 
And we are well positioned as we approach Windows 10 end-of-support in 
October, thanks to both Windows 11 and Copilot+ PCs, which offer 
customers compelling security as well as AI value. 
Talking about security, it underlies our cloud and AI infrastructure, as well 
as our Copilots and agents. 

We have launched over 100 new capabilities over the past year. 
Just last week, we added a modern data lake to our SIEM Microsoft 
Sentinel, bringing together customer data across our first-party tools and a 
third-party ecosystem of over 350 connectors. 
We are also extending the systems customers already use for governance, 
identity, security, and management, to protect every AI agent. 
Entra now extends identity permissions, policies, and access controls to 
agents. 
Defender secures nearly 2 million GenAI apps. 
Purview is used by three quarters of Microsoft 365 Copilot customers to 
protect their data. 
And, all up, we now have nearly 1.5 million security customers and continue 
to take share across all major categories we serve. 
Before I wrap, I want to talk about two consumer businesses of ours with 
massive end user reach: LinkedIn and Xbox. 
LinkedIn is home to 1.2 billion members, with four consecutive years of 
double-digit member growth. 
All up, comments on LinkedIn rose over 30% and video uploads increased 
over 20% this year. 

We continue to bring AI to every part of the LinkedIn experience, 
introducing agents across hiring as well as sales. 
When it comes to gaming, we have 500 million monthly active users across 
platforms and devices. 
And we are now the top publisher on both Xbox and PlayStation this 
quarter, with the successful launches of Forza Horizon 5 and Oblivion 
Remastered. 
The Call of Duty franchise has never been stronger: 50 million people have 
played Black Ops 6. Total hours surpassed 2 billion. 
Minecraft saw record monthly active usage and revenue this quarter, thanks 
in large part to the success of the Minecraft movie. 
And we have nearly 40 games in development, so much, much more to 
come. 
We surpassed over 500 million hours of game play streamed via the cloud 
this year. 
And Game Pass annual revenue was nearly $5 billion for the first time. 
In closing, we are going through a generational tech shift with AI. 
And I have never been more confident in Microsoft’s opportunity to drive 
long-term growth and define what the future looks like. 

With that, let me turn it over to Amy to walk through our financial results, 
as well as the outlook. 
 
AMY HOOD: 
Thank you, Satya, and good afternoon everyone. This year, we delivered 
over $281 billion in revenue, up 15% year-over-year which reflects the 
broad strength of our products and services. Operating income was over 
$128 billion, up 17% year-over-year as we invested against the expansive 
opportunity ahead. 
And in our largest quarter of the year, we significantly exceeded 
expectations with strong execution by our sales and partner teams. As 
Satya shared, we’re innovating faster than ever to deliver new value to our 
customers. 
This quarter, revenue was $76.4 billion, up 18% and 17% in constant 
currency. Gross margin dollars increased 16% and 15% in constant currency 
while operating income increased 23% and 22% in constant currency. And 
earnings per share was $3.65, an increase of 24% and 22% in constant 
currency. 
For the first time, commercial bookings were over $100 billion, increasing 
37% and 30% in constant currency on a strong prior year comparable. 
Strong execution across our core annuity sales motions, including healthy 

renewals, as well as an increase in the number of 10-million and 100-
million-dollar-plus contracts for both Azure and Microsoft 365 helped drive 
these results. 
Commercial remaining performance obligation increased to $368 billion, up 
37% and 35% in constant currency. Roughly 35% will be recognized in 
revenue in the next 12 months, up 21% year-over-year. The remaining 
portion, recognized beyond the next 12 months, increased 49%. And this 
quarter, our annuity mix was again 98%. 
FX was roughly in line with expectations on total company revenue, 
segment level revenue, COGS and operating expense growth. 
Microsoft Cloud revenue was $46.7 billion, ahead of expectations, and grew 
27% and 25% in constant currency. Microsoft Cloud gross margin 
percentage was slightly better than expected at 68% down 2 points year-
over-year from the impact of scaling our AI infrastructure, partially offset by 
continued efficiency gains in Azure and M365 commercial cloud. 
Company gross margin percentage was 69%, down 1 point year-over-year 
driven by sales mix shift to Azure and the lower Microsoft Cloud gross 
margin noted earlier. 
Operating expenses increased 6% and 5% in constant currency and 
operating margins increased 2 points year-over-year to 45%. Better-than-
expected revenue growth coupled with a focus on operating efficiently 
drove the margin expansion. 

At a total company level, headcount at the end of June was relatively 
unchanged year-over-year. 
Now to our segment results. 
Revenue from Productivity and Business Processes was $33.1 billion and 
grew 16% and 14% in constant currency, better than expected, driven by 
M365 commercial products and cloud services and M365 consumer 
products and cloud services. 
M365 commercial cloud revenue was ahead of expectations and increased 
18% and 16% in constant currency with two points of benefit from in-
period revenue recognition. Business trends remained relatively stable to 
the prior quarter when excluding the in-period revenue recognition, with 
ARPU growth again driven by E5 and M365 Copilot. Paid M365 commercial 
seats grew 6% year-over-year with installed base expansion across all 
customer segments, though primarily in our small and medium business 
and frontline worker offerings. 
M365 commercial products revenue increased 9% and 7% in constant 
currency, ahead of expectations due to higher-than-expected Office 2024 
transactional purchasing. 
M365 consumer cloud revenue was better than expected increasing 20% 
driven by ARPU growth following the January price increase and subscriber 
growth of 8%. 

LinkedIn revenue increased 9% and 8% in constant currency with growth 
across all businesses, though Talent Solutions continues to be impacted by 
weakness in the hiring market. 
Dynamics 365 revenue increased 23% and 21% in constant currency, with 
strong execution in our core annuity sales motions leading to growth 
across all workloads. 
Segment gross margin dollars increased 16% and 15% in constant currency 
and gross margin percentage increased slightly driven by the efficiency 
gains noted earlier, even as we deliver more AI features across our products 
and scale our AI infrastructure. Operating expenses increased 7% and 6% in 
constant currency and operating income increased 21% and 19% in 
constant currency. 
Next, the Intelligent Cloud segment. Revenue was $29.9 billion and grew 
26% and 25% in constant currency, ahead of expectations driven by Azure 
and our on-premises server business. 
In Azure and other cloud services, revenue grew 39%, significantly ahead of 
expectations driven by accelerated growth in our core infrastructure 
business primarily from our largest customers. As a reminder, new cloud 
and AI workloads are built and scaled using the breadth of our services. 
Revenue from Azure AI services was generally in line with expectations. 
And, while we brought additional datacenter capacity online this quarter, 
demand remains higher than supply. 

In our on-premises server business, revenue decreased 2% and 3% in 
constant currency, ahead of expectations primarily driven by transactional 
purchasing which also has higher in-period revenue recognition. 
Enterprise and partner services revenue increased 7% and 6% in constant 
currency with growth in Enterprise Support Services partially offset by a 
decline in Industry Solutions. 
Segment gross margin dollars increased 17% and 16% in constant currency 
and gross margin percentage decreased 4 points year-over-year driven by 
scaling our AI infrastructure, partially offset by Azure efficiency gains noted 
earlier. Operating expenses increased 6% and 4% in constant currency and 
operating income grew 23%. 
Now to More Personal Computing. Revenue was $13.5 billion and grew 9%, 
exceeding expectations primarily due to Windows OEM as well as Xbox 
content and services. 
Windows OEM and Devices revenue increased 3% year-over-year, ahead of 
expectations, as inventory levels remained elevated. 
Search and news advertising revenue ex-TAC increased 21% and 20% in 
constant currency driven by continued growth in both volume and revenue 
per search, as well as roughly 8 points of favorable impact from third-party 
partnerships, including the benefit of a low prior year comparable. 

And in Gaming, revenue increased 10%. Xbox content and services revenue 
increased 13% and 12% in constant currency, driven by better-than-
expected performance from first-party content and Xbox Game Pass. 
Segment gross margin dollars increased 15%. Gross margin percentage 
increased 3 points year-over-year with improvement across all businesses. 
Operating expenses increased 4% and 3% in constant currency. Operating 
income increased 34% and 33% in constant currency driven by continued 
prioritization of higher margin opportunities. 
Now, back to total company results. 
Capital expenditures were $24.2 billion, including $6.5 billion of finance 
leases where we recognize the full value at the time of lease 
commencement. Cash paid for P, P, and E, was $17.1 billion. The difference 
is primarily due to finance leases. More than half of our spend was on long-
lived assets that will support monetization over the next 15 years and 
beyond. The remaining spend was primarily for servers, both CPUs and 
GPUs, and driven by strong demand signals. 
Cash flow from operations was $42.6 billion, up 15% driven by strong cloud 
billings and collections, partially offset by higher supplier payments. And 
this quarter, free cash flow was $25.6 billion. 
Other income and expense was negative $1.7 billion, primarily due to losses 
on investments accounted for under the equity method. 

Our effective tax rate was approximately 17%. 
And finally, we returned $9.4 billion to shareholders through dividends and 
share repurchases, bringing our total cash returned to shareholders to over 
$37 billion for the full fiscal year. 
 
Now, moving to our outlook. 
My commentary for both the full year and next quarter is on a US dollar 
basis unless specifically noted otherwise. 
Let me start with some full year commentary for FY26. 
First, FX. Assuming current rates remain stable, we expect FX to increase full 
year revenue growth and COGS growth by approximately 2 points and to 
increase operating expense growth by one point. 
Next, building on the strong momentum we saw this past year, we expect 
to deliver another year of double-digit revenue and operating income 
growth in FY26. We will continue to invest against the expansive 
opportunity ahead across both capital expenditures and operating 
expenses given our leadership position in commercial cloud, strong 
demand signals for our cloud and AI offerings, and significant contracted 
backlog. Capital expenditure growth, as we shared last quarter, will 
moderate compared to FY25 with a greater mix of short-lived assets. Due to 
the timing of delivery of additional capacity in H1, including large finance 

lease sites, we expect growth rates in H1 will be higher than in H2. We 
remain focused on delivering revenue growth and increasing our 
operational agility, and as a result, expect operating margins to be relatively 
unchanged year-over-year. 
And finally, we expect our FY26 effective tax rate to be between 19% and 
20%. 
Now to our outlook for the first quarter. 
Based on current rates, we expect FX to increase total revenue growth by 2 
points. Within the segments, we expect FX to increase revenue growth by 
roughly 3 points in Productivity and Business Processes, and roughly 1 
point in Intelligent Cloud and More Personal Computing. We expect FX to 
increase COGS and operating expense growth by roughly one point. 
In commercial bookings, we expect healthy growth on a growing expiry 
base. Bookings growth will again be driven by strong execution across our 
core annuity sales motions and long-term commitments to our platform. As 
a reminder, larger long-term Azure contracts, which are more unpredictable 
in their timing, drive increased quarterly volatility in our bookings growth 
rate. 
Microsoft Cloud gross margin percentage should be roughly 67%, down 
year-over-year driven by the impact of continuing to scale our AI 
infrastructure. 

We expect Q1 capital expenditures to be over $30 billion driven by the 
continued strong demand signals we see. As a reminder, there can be 
quarterly spend variability from cloud infrastructure buildouts and the 
timing of delivery of finance leases. 
Next to segment guidance. 
In Productivity and Business Processes we expect revenue of $32.2 to $32.5 
billion, or growth of 14% to 15% with roughly 3 points of benefit from FX as 
noted earlier. 
In M365 commercial cloud, we expect revenue growth to be between 13% 
and 14% in constant currency, with business trends that remain relatively 
stable compared to the prior quarter. ARPU growth will again be driven by 
E5 and M365 Copilot. 
M365 commercial products revenue growth should be in the mid to high-
single digits. As a reminder, M365 commercial products includes both the 
Windows Commercial on-premises components of M365 suites and Office 
transactional purchasing, both of which can be variable due to in period 
revenue recognition dynamics. 
M365 consumer cloud revenue growth should be in the low twenties driven 
by the January price increase. 
For LinkedIn, we expect revenue growth in the high single digits. 

And in Dynamics 365, we expect revenue growth to be in the high teens 
with continued growth across all workloads. 
For Intelligent Cloud we expect revenue of $30.1 to $30.4 billion, or growth 
of 25% to 26% with roughly 1 point of benefit from FX as noted earlier. 
Revenue will continue to be driven by Azure, which can have quarterly 
variability in year-on-year growth rates depending on the timing of capacity 
delivery and when it comes online, as well as from in-period revenue 
recognition depending on the mix of contracts. 
In Azure, we expect Q1 revenue growth of approximately 37% in constant 
currency driven by strong demand for our portfolio of services on a 
significant base. Even as we continue bringing more datacenter capacity 
online, we currently expect to remain capacity constrained through the first 
half of our fiscal year. 
In our on-premises server business, we expect revenue to decline in the low 
to mid-single digits with the ongoing customer shift to cloud offerings. 
In More Personal Computing, we expect revenue to be $12.4 to $12.9 
billion. 
Windows OEM and Devices revenue should decline in the mid to high 
single digits. We expect the elevated inventory levels at the end of Q4 to 
come down thru the quarter in Windows OEM, although the range of 

potential outcomes remains wider than normal. Devices revenue should 
decline. 
Search and news advertising ex-TAC revenue growth should be in the low- 
to mid-teens, down sequentially as growth rates normalize following the 
benefit from third-party partnerships noted earlier. Growth will continue to 
be driven by volume and revenue per search across Edge and Bing. Overall 
Search and news advertising revenue growth should be in the low double 
digits. 
And in Gaming, we expect revenue to decline in the mid to high single 
digits. Against a strong prior year comparable, we expect Xbox content and 
services revenue to decline in the mid single digits. 
Now back to company guidance. 
We expect COGS of $24.3 to $24.5 billion or growth of 21% to 22% and 
operating expense of $15.7 to $15.8 billion or growth of 5% to 6%. 
Other income and expense is estimated to be negative $1.3 billion primarily 
due to investments accounted for under the equity method. As a reminder, 
we do not recognize mark-to-market gains or losses on equity method 
investments. 
And lastly, we expect our Q1 effective tax rate to be between 19% and 20%. 
In closing, we finished the year with double digit revenue and operating 
income growth and exceeded the FY25 operating margin commitment we 

shared a year ago. Our focus remains on investing in security, quality, and 
AI platform and product innovation that delivers value and opportunity to 
our customers. We are excited for FY26. 
With that, let’s go to Q&A, Jonathan. 
JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Amy. We’ll now move over to Q&A. Out of 
respect on the call, we request the participants please only ask one 
question. Operator, can you please repeat your instructions? 
(Operator Direction.) 
KEITH WEISS, Morgan Stanley: Thank you, guys, for taking the question, 
and congratulations on a fantastic end to FY25. I’ve been covering 
Microsoft for a while. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a quarter of where 
everything came together this well. Congratulations on that execution. 
Maybe a little bit longer-term focused question to start out: You guys have 
always had software startups as customers and potentially emerging 
competitors, but the AI labs now feel different. Investors are ascribing 
valuations, which assume these companies become major players in 
software. They’re underwriting revenue forecast measured in the tens of 
billions, if not hundreds of billions. And these startups have also grown to 
be some of your biggest customers, so they’re contributing significantly to 
Microsoft today. 

It seems like there’s a lot of potential opportunity in supporting those 
businesses, but also it’s not certain that they’re going to stay your 
customers as they scale. They could insource some of that infrastructure, 
and they very likely emerge as potential competitors. 
As managers of Microsoft, as managers of the capital, how do you guys 
manage that risk versus reward with the quickly emerging AI labs in these 
AI startups? 
SATYA NADELLA: Thanks, Keith, for the question. I don’t think it’s that 
different from even the previous era. There’s always been, I’ll call it, head 
apps or new companies that emerge that, in fact, are very needed in order 
to birth a new platform. Back in the day, when I was getting started on 
Azure, I used to look over the lake and see Netflix and Amazon. And I’d say, 
I wish Netflix ran on Azure. And in some sense, that’s kind of what we now 
have, which is the largest AI workloads run on Azure. 
And when that happens, you learn the workload faster. You optimize the 
entire platform faster, everything from what we’re doing with Cosmos DB 
for a chat interface like ChatGPT or Copilot, is, guess what, going to be 
most relevant for any AI application, going forward. The entire data stack 
that we have now built is going to be optimized for what people describe 
as one of the hardest challenges of any AI application, called context 
engineering, which is, how do you collect your data and then make sure 

that the context around the prompts remain stable over a long period, so 
that you get the intelligence to actually deliver the results you want. 
These are workload results that are invaluable for us to learn to build both 
the products as well as the platform, and then, broadly, or rather, over time, 
there will be broad diffusion. In fact, one of the things that Amy and I track 
is not just the head app usage, but also what’s all the Tier 2 applications 
that are being built. 
That speaks a little bit, Keith, to, I think, your question, is as long as we have 
head apps shaping the platform, and then after that, we have the broad 
diffusion happen, which, in some sense, both of those is what we’re seeing. 
I feel very good about being in good standing, going forward. 
JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Keith. Operator, the next question, please. 
(Operator Direction.) 
MARK MOERDLER, Bernstein: Thank you. I also give you my 
congratulations. Amazing. I didn’t know how you were going to beat last 
quarter, and you did it. Congratulations, and thank you for taking my 
question. 
Satya and Amy, we’re now two-plus years since the gen AI revolution, and 
adoption is still early and ramping. What do you think is the best way that 
software companies are going to be able to monetize AI for SaaS? Do you 
believe there are differences in monetization for horizontal, more general 

apps like M365 Copilot or Dynamics CRM Copilot, versus very targeted 
capacities on the agentic side? And also, how should you think about the 
trajectory of SaaS AI margins over the long term? Thank you. 
SATYA NADELLA: Yeah, I’ll start, and Amy, you should feel free to add. I 
mean, if I just broaden out beyond just SaaS as a category, I think, just like 
the server to cloud transition was an expansion of essentially, usage of 
servers, that is essentially what happened with the cloud, which is we did a 
bunch of servers, except that the expertise required, the capital required, 
the time required to bring up servers, build it out scale, it was just all hard. 
 
And so, therefore, the market was a certain size. Whereas with the cloud, 
you could buy it with flexibility, you could burst and you could spin up and 
spin down. The expertise required came down. It was just orders of 
magnitude. That’s what’s happening. If you even subscribe to this point of 
view that intelligence is basically log of compute, that means compute is 
going to grow, and you’ve got to use it as efficiently as possible to just 
keep creating intelligence. 
Now, how does it manifest beyond just the infrastructure? To Keith’s earlier 
question, I talked a little bit about how infrastructure is getting shaped, 
data layer is getting shaped. The app server is getting built. These are all 
classic categories of infrastructure that will continue, but they will be an 
order or two of magnitude more. Literally, in fact, one of the other things 

we track is every GPU requires storage and compute. That ratio is another 
thing that is really exponential for infrastructure growth. 
When you go to the app layer, the SaaS apps themselves are now building 
in effectively agentic and chat interfaces with intelligence. And they’re also 
building autonomous agents. Agents are kind of like applications, like a 
database application, perhaps, but they are being used increasingly in 
applications, inside of a user interaction. 
I think a good example is GitHub Copilot. It got started as code 
completions on an IDE. Then we added the chat interface to it. Then we 
added the agent mode to it. And now we have an autonomous agent, 
which, in fact, works completely asynchronously. All those four things are 
now part of, essentially GitHub. 
And by the way, it also turns out that every other tool that is also doing any 
form of coding is adding more and more GitHub repos. If I had to think 
about GitHub monetization, we have an opportunity around just 
monetizing GitHub Enterprise. And then we have the ability to think about 
GitHub Copilot and GitHub Copilot, as with all these form factors. 
And so, that’s exactly the same thing that’s happening with Microsoft 365. 
That’s the same thing that’s happening with Dynamics 365. You have to be 
very open to taking your data tier, your business logic tier and your UI tier 
and being more expansive in it. As long as you do that, it’s just that usage 
goes up. And that’s what I think shows up in the results. 

AMY HOOD: And I think, Mark, if you wanted to think about all the things 
in the layer Satya talked about, is really, we’re seeing very similar 
monetization tools exist in this transition, too. There’s a per-user logic. 
There’s tiers of per user. Sometimes those tiers relate to consumption. 
Sometimes there’s pure consumption models. 
I think you’ll continue to see a blending of these, especially as the AI model 
capability grows. You’ll end up with ways that teams are going to want to 
throttle that usage, use the best models for the best job. And I think the 
blending of these models will continue to be something we see on the go-
forward basis. 
MARK MOERDLER: Thank you. I appreciate it. 
JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Mark. Operator, next question, please. 
(Operator Direction.) 
KARL KEIRSTEAD, UBS: Okay, thanks. Satya and Amy, this is the second 
quarter in a row of pretty material Azure upside from what sounds like an 
acceleration in on-prem to Azure migration activity. I’m just wondering if 
you can comment on the plethora of customer conversations you’ve had, 
whether there are a couple of two or three specific catalysts that are driving 
that migration, and how durable a trend do you think that is? Thank you. 
SATYA NADELLA: Yeah, I mean, just that three things are really happening. 
One is the migrations. A good example would be what I referenced in my 

remarks with Nestle, with the SAP instances they moved, along with a lot of 
the data that’s associated with it in a bunch of servers. That’s a classic 
example, I think, whether it’s VMware migrations or migrations of SAP or 
even just our own server migrations, they’re pretty healthy. And it turns out 
that we’re still not anywhere close to the finish line, at best, maybe in the 
middle innings of that. 
The second thing that’s also happening is cloud-native applications that are 
scaling. This is even excluding all of the AI stuff, just the classic cloud-native 
e-commerce company, let’s say. These are scaling in a big way. And some 
of those customers were not on Azure previously, but now, they’re 
increasingly there because they have come for AI, perhaps, but they now 
stay for more than AI. 
And so, to me, that’s another thing you see in overall, what’s happening 
across the Azure number. And then, of course, there are the new AI 
workloads. 
Those are three things that are all, in some sense, building on each other, 
but that’s kind of what’s driving our growth. 
KARL KEIRSTEAD: Got it. Thank you. 
JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Karl. Operator, next question, please. 
(Operator Direction.) 

BRENT THILL, Jefferies: Satya, back to the strength across the board in the 
quarter, was there anything that jumped out you or surprised you that you 
didn’t think you were going to see, but you did see in the quarter? Just the 
magnitude of upside, I think, had shocked many here. 
SATYA NADELLA: Yeah, I don’t know, Brent, if anything really surprised us, 
but I think what we are noticing in our own buildout of these AI 
applications, and in general, is the platform’s becoming more than here is a 
model and here’s an API, make some calls. I mean that, in some sense, was 
a bit of the state of the art, maybe even a year ago, whereas now you have 
essentially, these very stateful app patterns that are emerging that require 
quite a bit of rethinking of even the app stack. 
I mean, take even the storage tier stuff, the degree of sophistication you 
have. And hey, how much of an index do you really want to build by 
preprocessing, so that your prompt engineering, or context engineering, as 
I call it, can be better and higher quality. I think all of that is emerging. 
When I look at a product like Azure Search, Fabric and Cosmos DB, all of 
the things, the frameworks around it are just becoming robust to build 
serious applications. And so, that’s what I feel great about, is the learning 
curve inside the company, outside the company, the diffusion of the stack, 
the speed with which that’s emerging that you can build applications is 
much faster. 

I always go back and say, hey, when our relational database came out, it 
took a while for people to build an ERP system, let’s say. And this thing, 
we’re building pretty sophisticated applications at a very, very fast clip, 
based on, I think, the degree of maturity that’s emerging. 
JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Brent. Operator, next question, please. 
(Operator Direction.) 
RAIMO LENSCHOW, Barclays: Perfect. Thank you. Congrats from me as 
well. I had one question around Copilot, and I’m obviously a happy, happy 
user here at Barclays. 
 
If you think about it, the one thing that we’re all realizing is that Copilot is 
the AI part, but data is becoming more and more important. And then from 
there on, we can start thinking about agents. What are you seeing in your 
customer conversation, Satya, about that understanding that Copilot is 
actually just the starting point, and then from there on, it’s becoming like 
much, much broader? Thank you. 
SATYA NADELLA: Yeah, I think that that’s right. Even inside of Copilot, I’m 
sure you’re seeing it. You now have Analyst and Researcher, to just talk 
about two examples, and of course, all the third-party agents. Yeah, there is 
a lot more of just not request response. It’s about spawning, essentially, 
applications that then go to work and come back. 

But the UI still remains very important, even for asynchronous work. To 
instruct the asynchronous work, you need UI. And to monitor asynchronous 
work, you need UI. It may be different. It may not be a chat interface, and of 
course, you need a way to then inspect what the asynchronous work is. 
Even take the example I was giving on GitHub. Even if you’re not using 
GitHub Copilot to create the code check in or the pull request, interestingly 
enough, we’re seeing massive increase to GitHub Copilot Code Review 
Agent, even if you used maybe Claude code or whatever else to write the 
code. That’s, I think, what’s happening across all of these systems. 
You’re right that you need to start with some kind of a UI that’s more chat 
focused, but it quickly goes beyond it. And you see it in M365, you see it in 
Dynamics 365, and you see it in GitHub. 
RAIMO LENSCHOW: Thank you. 
JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Raimo. Operator, next question, please. 
(Operator Direction.) 
KASH RANGAN, Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thank you very much. Amy, I want to 
acknowledge that I think a few quarters ago you said that you reach a point 
in time where you can accelerate Azure while slowing down capex. You did 
it, but what is the outlook? When I look at the capex guidance for the 
upcoming quarter, certainly, I would view that as a positive indicator of the 
book of business you have for your cloud services. 

But how should we think about the shape of the curve of capex vis a vis 
Azure growth rate in the years ahead, particularly as you listen to Satya 
comments on the AI stack consuming more and more infrastructure. Are we 
at a point where we’re going to have to continue to do this, and we 
magically wait for inference and applications to kick in and therefore, create 
a richer gross margin mix? 
Thank you so much for your comments, and congrats on the quarter. 
AMY HOOD: Thanks, Kash. Let me back up and first say, when you think 
about the full year comments I’ve made on capex, as well as the Q1 
guidance of over $30 billion, you first have to ground yourself in the fact 
that we have $368 billion of contracted backlog we need to deliver, not just 
across Azure, but across the breadth of the Microsoft Cloud. 
In terms of feeling good about the ROI and the growth rates and the 
correlation, I feel very good that the spend that we’re making is correlated 
to basically contracted on the books business that we need to deliver, and 
we need the teams to execute at their very best to get the capacity in place 
as quickly and effectively as they can. 
And so, when you look, as we’ve talked about, the growth rate will decline 
year over year, but at its core, our investments, particularly in short-lived 
assets like servers, GPUs, CPUs, network and storage, is just really correlated 
to the backlog we see and the curve of demand. And I talked about it, my 
gosh, in January, and said I thought we’d be in better supply demand shape 

by June. And now, I’m saying I hope I’m in better shape by December. And 
that’s not because we slowed capex. Even with accelerating the spend and 
trying to pull leases in and get CPUs and GPUs in the system as quickly as 
we can, we are still seeing demand improve. 
And so, I am not as focused, Kash, on trying to pick a date at which revenue 
growth and capex growth will meet and cross. I’m focused on building 
backlog, building business and delivering capacity, which we are seeing has 
a good ROI today in terms of our ability to get that done. I don’t want 
people to get overly focused on a pivot point, because when you’re in 
these expansive moments, picking a data point usually means you’re going 
to pick to be too conservative in terms of market share gain and in terms of 
winning. And so, I tend to put my energy more there. 
SATYA NADELLA: Yeah. I think one of the other things, Kash, is that I think 
I said this in a previous learnings as well, which is the difference between a 
hoster and a hyperscaler is software, and the same is going to be true here. 
That GPT-4o example I gave is all software, the optimization even in the last 
year. 
We know how to use the software skills to take any piece of hardware and 
make it multiple x better. And so, that’s where the yield will come, but as 
Amy said, while you’re really going and building out the plant, you don’t 
want to serialize it. You just want to go in parallel on all of these fronts, and 
that’s what will compound over time. 

AMY HOOD: And I do think it’s important, when Satya talks about the 
software layer, he’s talking about, in his comments, to connect us back to 
the compounding S-curves. And so, I would remind people that is 
something that we saw through the prior cloud transition. It’s how we 
operated through that one, and the same skills and logic done at an even 
faster pace is what will apply to the same transition. 
KASH RANGAN: Sounds very encouraging. Thank you so much. 
JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Kash. Operator, next question, please. 
(Operator Direction.) 
MICHAEL TURRIN, Wells Fargo: Hey, great. Thanks very much for taking 
the questions, and congrats from me as well on the metrics working in 
concert here. 
Amy, maybe on margin, impressive to hear expectations for flat operating 
margin the upcoming year, as you absorb some of the mix shift towards 
Azure and some of the more AI-focused offerings. Can you speak in more 
detail just around your ability to manage those tradeoffs and offset some of 
the mix shift? And I’m wondering specifically, just on any productivity gains 
you’re seeing from leveraging AI internally that you’d highlight, or anything 
else you just mentioned, and underpinning the full year expectation there. 
Thank you. 

AMY HOOD: Thanks, Michael. I think really, the area to focus on is when 
you think about margin. I think sometimes people get a lot of energy 
around cost control as a driver of margin. The other driver is to focus on 
making sure you deliver great product that’s competitive and innovative 
and can take share, because that drives revenue. And revenue itself and 
revenue growth, as you all know better, even perhaps than I do, is a durable 
way to see margin improvement. It builds on itself. 
That being said, the second thing I would point to is really what I talked to 
Kash a little bit about before – Satya and I both mentioned it – is applying 
all of our skillset here to deliver efficiencies, whether that’s at whatever 
layer of the stack that exists. The S-curves compound, and we are doing 
that work. And we’re focused on it at the same time we’re doing the build 
out. You’ll see improvements there, even as we continue to invest. 
And then, of course, it’s about continuing to have great talent here focus 
on products and opportunities where we have the biggest markets and the 
most likelihood of success. And so, when we have those three things 
happen, and the energy is right and the focus is there, it gives me 
confidence in terms of margin delivery. But make no mistake, it starts and 
ends really with product, which is what we’re really focused on here, and 
delivering that to customers. 
MICHAEL TURRIN: That all sounds pretty good. Thanks very much. 

JONATHAN NEILSON: Thanks, Michael. That wraps up the Q&A portion of 
today’s earnings call. Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward 
to speaking with you all soon. 
SATYA NADELLA: Thank you. 
AMY HOOD: Thank you. 
(Operator Direction.) 
END